# EEA Community Projects PGB Meeting

## Date:  27 January 2022

**Present:** Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Chet Ensign (OASIS), James Canterbury (EY), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Matt Hepler (Arca), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys)

**Regrets:** Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Noam Eppel (Morpheus)

**Guests:** Sonal Patel (ConsenSys - Baseline Product Manager), Andreas Freund

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members (2 min)
  * Agenda review (3 min)
  * Past action items (5 min)
    * ACTION: Chet will coordinate with Andreas on the steps needed to get the TSC up and running, including the To Do items listed above.
      * DONE: Steps sent to Andreas, under way
    * ACTION: Form the ad-hoc Publications Process Committee to draft the requirements for the Release, Project Specification Draft, and Project Specification stages
      * Underway. Tas is scheduling
    * ACTION: Need clarification on PGB Membership of CSI, ConsenSys AG, ConsenSys Mesh
      * Underway. Will mark as DONE because this is a ConsenSys-internal discussion
  * Main topics (25 min)
    * Grants program amendment resolution (jw)
      * PGB in principle does not have an objection to permitting non-sponsors to provide TSC-specific grants as long as
          * They follow the PGBâ€™s rules around grant notification, acceptance, and rejection, and
          * A portion (TBD) may be allocated towards the running of the EEA Community Projects.
      * ACTION: EEA, OASIS, and other interested parties will work out the details of a Pull Request for our Governance doc, to be approved by an e-ballot as soon as practicable.
    * PGB (Co-)Chair elections, nomination window
  * Updates on potential projects (5 min)
    * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
    * EF/Mary - ZK standards 
    * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
      * Interwork alliance (part of GBBC) is creating a working group around this
  * Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * Baseline
       * Can now be clearer on how to get Baselined in the website
       * Looking at how to do this properly from a governance perspective, essentially how to distribute leads
       * PGB in principle has no concerns with a site that lists ECP sponsors (and only sponsors), along with their provided services and contact info for those who are interested in it.
       * A more precise proposal will be sent to the PGB
    * Layer 2 standards project 
      * Github, etc (tools) are set up.  Thanks to Claudia!  Mailing list is set up.  Beginning work on first items.  Have issued call for maintainers as well as chair/vice chair nominations.  May need to give more time.
      * Initial discussions have been interesting.
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
  * Other business if we have time left over
    * Review alignment between TSC and PGB governance docs across TSCs
    * Review and merge outstanding PRs - on hold pending Chet/Chair discussion
      * Chet and Dan are meeting soon
