# EEA Community Projects PGB Meeting

## Date:  1 December 2021

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Matt Hepler (Arca), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), James Canterbury (EY), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), 

**Regrets:** John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Noam Eppel (Morpheus)

**Guests:** Sonal Patel (ConsenSys - Baseline Product Manager), Andreas Freund

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members (2 min)
  * Agenda review (3 min)
  * Reminder to complete the meeting time Doodle poll (1 min)
  * Past action items (0 min)
  * Main topics (35 min)
    * L2 standards - review proposed Charter and Governance, then vote if ready
      * Charter: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/16LZluUzG0RSHpVpYiXVucibv_A7ZWN0GZQvvfW21tiQ/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16LZluUzG0RSHpVpYiXVucibv_A7ZWN0GZQvvfW21tiQ/edit)
        * Revised, but still needs more work.  PGB to work on this over the next week. Dan to check in 1 week and if it’s ready for a vote, will ask Claudia to create an e-ballot
      * Governance: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MNl3jjR5EJF3xM5QSteslklVJUKKEPCP7wHaTxSSK8c/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MNl3jjR5EJF3xM5QSteslklVJUKKEPCP7wHaTxSSK8c/edit)
        * Needs more work to resolve comments.  PGB to work on this over the next week. Dan to check in 1 week and if it’s ready for a vote, will ask Claudia to create an e-ballot
    * Meeting time 
      * Moving to Thursdays at 15:00 ET. Claudia to update the invitation. 
    * Draft Standards requirements
  * Updates on potential projects (5 min)
    * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
    * James - Identity project (we are to check back ~November)
    * Project for “coordination under Zero knowledge” 
  * Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * Baseline
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
  * Other business if we have time left over
    * PGB (Co-)Chair elections
      * Nomination window
    * Election process and window
    * Review and merge[outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)  - on hold pending Chet/Chair discussion
