# EEA Community Projects PGB Meeting

## Date:  6 October 2021

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Matt Hepler (Arca), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), 

**Regrets:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), James Canterbury (EY), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Noam Eppel (Morpheus)

**Guests:** 

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members (2 min)
  * Agenda review (3 min)
  * Past action items (5 min)
    * ACTION: Chet to send statement to PGB confirming that the TSC has prepared what OASIS requires for sending to the PGB for approval.
      * Chet has confirmed to the TSC that they have appropriately handed off static versions of their documents to be considered for EEA Community Projects                 Release. We can now vote (later meeting item).
    * ACTION: Chet will send list of OASIS and ISO requirements to Dan.
      * Chet sent a list of OASIS specification requirements to Dan.  Most are addressed by the document templates.  We still need to work the others in, but not           necessarily at Release level.
    * ACTION: Chaals and Dan will draft a set of minimal PGB requirements for approval of a TSC package as a Release, Project Specification Draft, or Project             Specification for PGB to review. It will contain at least a draft set of requirements for a Release before the 17 Nov PGB meeting.
      * See https://hackmd.io/no631nzqQZiwVa351E73_A?both
    * ACTION: Tas to send Enterprise L2 Standards governance and charter proposals to PGB for review.
      * Tas sent these on Nov. 3rd
      * Charter: https://docs.google.com/document/d/16LZluUzG0RSHpVpYiXVucibv_A7ZWN0GZQvvfW21tiQ/edit
      * Governance: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MNl3jjR5EJF3xM5QSteslklVJUKKEPCP7wHaTxSSK8c/edit
  * Discussion items (30 min)
    * Brief review of draft PGB publication requirements (link above) 
    * Publication of Baseline spec(s) as ECP Releases
      * Candidates:
        * CORE
        * CCSM
        * APIs
      * Discuss our requirements for these particular items to be published as a Release
      * VOTE on publication
        * Proposed resolution: “The PGB approves publication of the Baseline package consisting of the spec documents (CORE, CCSM, APIs) as an EEA Community                   Projects Release, under the condition that the editors will work with OASIS project administrative staff to resolve non-material editorial corrections,             including:
          * The document MUST clearly and accurately describe its current status, and the proposing group’s expectations for its future (e.g. publishing schedule,               final destiny, …)
          * Links MUST NOT be broken on the date of publication
          * The document MUST use IETF’s BCP14, i.e. RFC2119 and RFC8174 terminology for conformance”
        * Motion (resolution) approved unanimously
    * Meeting time
    * Time permitting
      * PGB (Co-)Chair elections
        * Nomination window
        * Election process and window
    * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls) - on hold pending Chet/Chair discussion
  * Updates on potential projects (10 min)  
    * Enterprise L2 standards
    * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
    * James - Identity project (we are to check back ~November)
    * Project for “coordination under Zero knowledge”
  * Updates on existing projects (5 min)
    * Baseline
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
