# EEA Community Projects PGB Meeting

## Date:  16 December 2021

**Present:** Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Matt Hepler (Arca), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), 

**Regrets:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), James Canterbury (EY), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Noam Eppel (Morpheus)

**Guests:** Andreas Freund

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members (2 min)
  * Agenda review (3 min)
  * Past action items (0 min)
  * Holiday meeting schedule (5 min)
    * No meeting 30 Dec 2021
    * Next meeting 13 Jan 2021
    * Consider one-off meeting early next week if needed for L2 project charter & governance doc review
  * Main topics (30 min)
    * L2 standards - (ideally) finalize review of proposed Charter and Governance, then begin e-ballot when done
      * Charter: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/16LZluUzG0RSHpVpYiXVucibv_A7ZWN0GZQvvfW21tiQ/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16LZluUzG0RSHpVpYiXVucibv_A7ZWN0GZQvvfW21tiQ/edit)
      * Governance: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MNl3jjR5EJF3xM5QSteslklVJUKKEPCP7wHaTxSSK8c/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MNl3jjR5EJF3xM5QSteslklVJUKKEPCP7wHaTxSSK8c/edit)
        * We completed the review
        * We decided on the following timing requirements for the e-ballot:
          * Minimum 7 days per OASIS rules
          * Beyond that, the ballot will remain open until there is a majority decision or January 7th, whichever happens first.
    * Plan for
      * Release, Project Specification Draft, and Project Specification requirements
      * Documenting of the process steps, including PGB expectations for public review comment resolution, etc.
  * Updates on potential projects (5 min)
    * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
    * Project for “coordination under Zero knowledge”
    * EF/Mary - ZK standards 
    * James - Identity project (we are to check back ~November)
  * Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * Baseline
      * We have another sponsor who will be announced shortly.
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
  * Other business if we have time left over
    * PGB (Co-)Chair elections
      * Nomination window
  * Election process and window
  * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls) - on hold pending Chet/Chair discussion
