# EEA Community Projects PGB Meeting

## Date:  14 July 2021

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Jan Brezina (EY), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys) 

**Regrets:** Chet Ensign (OASIS), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Jamie Clark (OASIS), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), 

**Guests:** none

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * JW and CR working on Baseline website update/maintenance with EEA marketing, will report back in September
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
      * Working on Go To Market materials.Good progress. EEA’s Lillian joined, discussed events where Baseline could talk to potential users.
      * Serious problem on the documentation site. GitBook is problematic. Updates were not taking. It doesn’t handle multi-party approvals via GitHub, allowing for         changes without approval, and the workaround they used is not picking up any updates.
        * ACTION: JW and CR to discuss requirements
        * Suggestion also for an OASIS project chairs’ meeting, say quarterly, to discuss common tooling needs. CR will discuss with OASIS staff.
      * Other general discussion about needing more participants to engage more fully or be left behind.
      * They have a script for the explainer video.  Almost done. “The Little Bit”.
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
  * Updates on potential projects
    * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
    * Jan - Identity project
    * ENS Sign-in project?
  * Discussion items
    * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    * Task force to educate EEA members about Baseline and doing more through Community Projects
