# EEA Community Projects PGB Meeting

## Date:  6 October 2021

**Present:** Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), 

**Regrets:** Jan Brezina (EY), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Jamie Clark (OASIS), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Noam Eppel (Morpheus)

**Guests:** Sonal Patel (ConsenSys - Baseline Product Manager), Dom Steil (Stateset Inc - Co-Founder).

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * ACTION: Claudia, Chet, Dan to review and arrange nomination and election process.
      * Had a meeting. Will send out email by the end of this week, outlining the process, requesting nominations, and explaining the PGB role.
    * ACTION: Tomasz and Chet to have further discussion on document formats, outputs, group dynamics for JSON-RPC work.
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
      * Standards submission
        * Please review:  https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline-standard/blob/main/core/baseline-core-v1.0-psd01.md 
        * Standard was unanimously ratified by the TSC last thursday. Next, the PGB will vote to approve it. Ballot should go out in time to complete vote by end of month. Timing & process needs to be discussed with Chet. Need to give PGB members time to read it.
      * TSC Vote
        * Tacit change to voting rules
        * There will be an effort to increase the number of contributors who can vote. Currently it’s only 12, which is too few. May remove or change the   requirement that people must have a contribution within the last 6 months. Ideally, voting should be anonymous, but this is a challenge.
           Ask Chet to make this proposal in a formal PGB ballot
        * Date changes
          * JW will propose 
      * Sponsor “get baselined” listing 
          * Tabled for future meeting
      * Grants
     * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
  * Updates on potential projects
    * Enterprise L2 standards
      * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
      * Jan - Identity project (we are to check back ~November)
      * ZKP that meets Baseline’s needs
  * Discussion items
    * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    * Review and approval of Baseline spec
    * “One-click signup”
      * Stateset (Dominic Steil) has a potential solution which will enable contributors to sign up and add themselves to groups/teams. https://baseline.stateset.io/home.  Authentication via Github - users can link their profiles.  He won’t charge for customization. Admin license $28/user/mo, and community members licenses on the order of roughly $1/user/mo.  Possible future support cost if substantial customization is needed.  Possible risk of high cost if lots of inactive community members sign up.
    * PGB elections

