# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## **Date:** 13 January 2021

**Present:** Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Jory Burson (OASIS), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair)

**Regrets:** Kyle Thomas (Provide), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Gina Rubino (Nethermind), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS) 

**Guests:** None

*   **Agenda Items**
    *   Greet new members
    *   Agenda review
    *   Past action items
        *   ACTION: JB to touch base with JSON-RPC project (week of 2 Dec 2020).
        *   ACTION: Stefan to check on status of project around escrow for NGO funding and report back. 
        *   ACTION: JB to send a Doodle poll with some options for an alternative meeting time.
            *   Meeting time to be changed to Fridays at 12:00 ET starting Jan 29
    *   Updates on existing projects
        *   Baseline
            *   Anais is doing well with standards work
            *   Hackathon is in progress, ends on 27th. Has at least one submitter for each of 7 challenges. 
            *   John will start report at end of month on project funding/incentives.  Considering something like HeyPie [https://medium.com/web3studio/hey-pie-is-scrumptious-with-blockchain-a-la-mode-45a12cb3ce59](https://medium.com/web3studio/hey-pie-is-scrumptious-with-blockchain-a-la-mode-45a12cb3ce59) 
            *   There is now a 3rd baseline reference implementation (from Hedera)
            *   Carol is making progress with new sponsor prospects 
        *   Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
            *   No updates; JB will check with Tomasz @ Nethermind 
    *   Updates on potential projects
        *   Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding 
    *   Discussion items
        *   John would like to review expenses we had for the summit.
            *   ACTION: JB to get info from Carol about Baseline summit expenses and forward to PGB
            *   ACTION: JB to push forward discussion on project funding and benefits available at various funding levels 
        *   Brief retrospective of the Baseline TSC election process (was tabled until Jory can be on the call)
        *   John Wolpert to develop a proposal about project funding/incentives in conjunction with Tracy and Chaals
            *   John will report on this in January after seeing what worked/didnâ€™t for the Gitcoin bounty
        *   Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    *   Project wish list
        *   There is a need for a ZK-circuit generator that is not GPL.
        *   Would be nice to see an EVM spec.