# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## Date:  25 August 2021

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Jan Brezina (EY), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Noam Eppel (Morpheus)

**Regrets:** Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Jamie Clark (OASIS), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright

**Guests:** none

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * JW and CR working on Baseline website update/maintenance with EEA marketing, will report back in September    
    * Board is concerned that there is insufficient visibility to the world of the work happening on JSON-RPC, almost to the point of making it difficult for             interested parties to participate. Tas will invite Tomasz and Alita to the call to discuss.
      * Tomasz re-announced to All Core Devs, doing more social media. The first part, openrpc, has been delivered [by lightclient](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-apis/commits?author=lightclient). They also have done most of the work. Tests are running in Hive client. Chet and Claudia will work with Tomasz          on best next steps.
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
      * Tas to check on final grant disbursement of $25k to OS Collective - confirmed 
      * John suggests holding a review of how the funding program worked - what worked/what could have been better
      * Anaïs’ company is setting up the sign-up capability on AWS by the Sept 1 deadline 
      * Relaunching the Baseline shows - using a service called ReStream 
      * Reviewed the planning for TSC elections. Claudia and Chet will set up a call for nominations for TSC and will look into a form for nominations.
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
  * Updates on potential projects
    * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
    * Jan - Identity project (we are to check back ~September)
    * Nightfall
    * Enterprise L2 standards
  * Discussion items
    * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    * PGB elections
