# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## Date:  11 August 2021

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Chet Ensign (OASIS), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Dan Kochis (Chainlink)

**Regrets:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Jan Brezina (EY),Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Jamie Clark (OASIS), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright)

**Guests:** none 

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * JW and CR working on Baseline website update/maintenance with EEA marketing, will report back in September
    * Tas will contact Tomasz for an update on JSON-RPC
      * Update on JSON RPC progress from Tomasz/Alita:
        "We are nearly done collecting the necessary data to write edgecases and are well into finalizing drafts to begin the client review process the openrpc spec          is merged into the api repo. This means we can start open up PRs to begin client approvals. 
         We will begin reaching out to clients to begin the review process soon. The current goals is to complete data collection and begin client review by next            week. We will be contact clients in bulk and collecting consensus based on pull request approval.(edited)"
         Also an example of a discussion on the edge cases (the toughest one, I am just now on a flashbots call where nobody knows how the eth_call behaves after            eip-1559):[](https://github.com/ethereum/eth1.0-specs/pull/35/files)     
      * Board is concerned that there is insufficient visibility to the world of the work happening here, almost to the point of making it difficult for interested         parties to participate.  Tas will invite Tomasz and Alita to the call to discuss.
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
      * Big Baseline announcements coming.  Hackathon at EthAtlanta.  Will demonstrate support for Baseline and easier deployment tools.
      * ConsenSys has hired a full-time project manager dedicated to Baseline
      * Need a way for people to go to website, signup for an event, etc. Need it ASAP. It’s already almost too late. They will have to build themselves if OASIS           can’t accomplish it. They are NOT handling PII.
      * This would help with voting, which is the next issue they have and need help with.
      * JW Proposes moving TSC election date from Sept 1 to week after Oct 3rd in order to draw more input into the group.  No objections from the PGB as long as           the TSC approves. TSC rules are here: https://docs.baseline-protocol.org/community/governance
      * JW wants to get a meeting with the other TC chairs to figure out where Baseline should be promoting to.
      * All the grant money has been allocated!
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
      * (see above)
  * Updates on potential projects
     * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
     * Jan - Identity project
        * Discussions are being had in EY; Check back ~September 
    * Nightfall
    * Enterprise L2 standards
      * Tas: worked on creating a Layer 2 group proposal.  
      * Intent: bring enterprises and the Ethereum Layer 2 ecosystem together with a focus on three things, combined to produce one standards document:
      * Discussion and agreement between enterprises and projects around the most relevant use cases and business requirements for Layer 2
      * Discussion and agreement on technical Layer 2 standards that meet both ecosystem and enterprise requirements, with a particular focus on interoperability
      * Discussion and agreement on how to tackle Layer 2 specific challenges such as MEV, block gas limit, TVL concentration, etc. within the scope of Layer 2.
  * Discussion items
    * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    * PGB elections
