
## Date: 29 June 2022

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Chet Ensign (OASIS),

**Regrets:**  Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), James Canterbury (EY), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair),

Matt Hepler (Arca), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Marcus Krug (SAP), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair)

**Guests:** 



* **Agenda Items**
    * Greet new members (2 min)
    * Select scribe (1 min)
        * Current list: Marcus Krug, Melanie Marsollier, Stefan Schmidt, Kyle Thomas, Antonio Sabado, Tomasz Stanczak, Dan Kochis, Noam Eppel, Dan Burnett, Matt Hepler, James Canterbury, John Wolpert, Andreas Freund, Tracy Kuhrt, Claudia Rauch, Tas Dienes
        * Current scribe: Tas Dienes
    * Agenda review (3 min)
    * Past action items (5 min)
        * ACTION: Chaals (via Dan) to create a PR with detailed examples for accessibility of spec content, including examples of specs that do it right and those that do not
            * No progress yet. 
        * ACTION: Chaals will make changes to the Baseline specification as a sample for how to do accessibility
            * No progress yet.
        * ACTION:  Dan to wrap up documentation of full specification process. Working toward a document to submit to PGB for approval. 
            * No progress yet.
        * ACTION: Chet to clarify how to update PGB rules to add persistent non-voting members given that governance changes usually require a special majority vote.
            * Chet checked into this.  The OASIS Board has approved a policy change to allow for non-voting members. Chet will update the OP rules documentation.
            * Chet will draft a proposed standing rule for the PGB to adopt which will reflect the new policy 
            * The PGB will need to create a spreadsheet to track who has attended meetings.
            * Chet wrote: “Regarding how to adopt this, I checked the rules and the relevant section is [https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/oasis-committee-operations-process/](https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/oasis-committee-operations-process/). It reads: "Standing rules may be adopted, amended, or rescinded by Full Majority Vote of a committee. ... in order to be enforceable, must be posted on the committee’s web page." The PGB has 14 members so to adopt the standing rule, you'll need a minimum of 8 votes in favor. You got 10 and 9 respectively on the failed ballot so, fingers crossed, this can make it”
        * ACTION: Tracy, Claudia, and Jamey to create a PR to governance docs that defines bullying/abusive behavior. Consequences of bad behavior should be specified.
            * [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/62](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/62) 
            * PR exists, all are encouraged to review
    * Updates on potential projects (5 min)
        * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
        * Carol G/Mary M - ZK standards
        * Carol G - TokenScript
        * James - Standards for sustainability tokens, pharmaceutical traceability ledger
    * Updates on existing projects (10 min)
        * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Layer 2 Working Group
            * Discussions about the token list standard format are progressing 
        * Baseline 
            * No one present to give an update
    * Main topics (30 min) 
        * Discussion with Chet on governance changes around persistent non-voting members.
            * See action item above.
    * Other business if we have time left over

