
## Date:  10 March 2022  -- DRAFT

**Present:** Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), James Canterbury (EY), 

**Regrets:**  Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Matt Hepler (Arca), Marcus Krug (SAP), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink)

**Guests:** Antoine Toulme (Splunk), Sonal Patel (ConsenSys - Baseline Product Manager)



* **Agenda Items**
    * Greet new members (2 min)
    * Select scribe (1 min)
        * Current list: Matt Hepler, Marcus Krug, John Wolpert, James Canterbury, Melanie Marsollier, Stefan Schmidt, Claudia Rauch, Kyle Thomas, Antonio Sabado, Tomasz Stanczak, Dan Kochis, Noam Eppel, Tracy Kuhrt, Dan Burnett, Chaals Nevile, Tas Dienes,
    * Agenda review (3 min)
    * Past action items (5 min)
        * ACTION:  Chet to connect Dan B and Carol G about non-sponsor funding topic
            * Not done yet; Chet will do it after this meeting
        * ACTION: Sonal will work with Carol to send email to PGB asking if any concerns around the new Baseline website sponsor services/contact info or its framing
            * Sonal will revisit and ensure this is done
        * ACTION: Chaals to propose changes to [document requirements](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/SPECIFICATION-DOCUMENT-REQUIREMENTS.md) as a PR	
            * Done now: [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/58](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/58)
        * ACTION: Dan and Tas to submit Pull Request on participation by TSC guests and non-Chairs
            * Will discuss in today’s meeting and act based on outcome
    * Updates on potential projects (5 min)
        * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
        * Carol G/Mary M - ZK standards
            * Carol had started discussing with Mary.  Still discussing.
        * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
            * No update; had some discussion with IWA
    * Updates on existing projects (10 min)
        * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Layer 2 Working Group
            * Chair and Vice Chair election is in progress.  If no objections by next week, the decision will be passed on to the PGB as the recommendation.
        * Baseline
            * Carol is talking with “Get Baselined” sponsors on website. Still discussing whether non-sponsors can contribute funds.  Also looking into an event at DevConnect to recruit devs.
    * Main topics (30 min)
        * (No Guests) Participation rules for TSC Chairs and non-PGB members
            * Sponsors have to sign an IPR agreement.  TSC representatives to the PGB may not. This could create an issue if a TSC representative biases the PGB towards a decision benefiting IPR they were not required to disclose or license.  ACTION: Chet will research this.
            * Chet says that OASIS committee governance docs, applying to all TSCs and PGBs, state that all committee chairs are co-equal (co-chairs).  Dan proposes that we clarify that a TSC can choose only one member to represent them on the PGB and vote on the PGB, and that person does not have to be a chair.  ACTION: Dan and Tas to work on a PR for this.
            * Dan proposes that PGB non-member guests must have approval from a PGB chair before attending PGB meetings.  One reason is that the PGB may need to bring in guest experts to provide advice.  ACTION: Dan and Tas to create a PR to add language to governance doc: “Guests are permitted by invitation of a PGB chair.”  This should be one PR combined with the one above, that requires a supermajority vote.
        * Meeting time on 24 March 2022
            * ACTION: Tas and Dan to discus and notify PGB
    * Other business if we have time left over
