## Date: 14 Dec 2022  --DRAFT

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), James Canterbury (EY),  Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), Sonal Patel (Mesh)​​, Samrat Kishor (Baseline TSC rep)

**Regrets:** Chet Ensign (OASIS), , Matt Hepler (Arca), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Marcus Krug (SAP), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Peter Kecman (Nethermind), Olu Akinwande (Montech Studios), Kyle Thomas (Provide)

**Guests:** 

**Agenda Items**



* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Dan Burnett, Matt Hepler, Andreas Freund, Claudia Rauch, Sonal Patel, Samrat Kishor, James Canterbury, Tas Dienes
    * Current scribe: Claudia
* Agenda review (3 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen once a month, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Skip December 28
        * Meet January 11th
        * Meet February 8th
        * Meet March 8th (Claudia cannot attend)
* Past action items (5 min)
    * ACTION: Start special majority vote to approve Baseline TSC chairs 
        * We need to wait until after TSC election is done and new TSC decides on chair to recommend (next TSC meeting Nov 17).  
        * Andreas and Samrat have been nominated as co-chairs.
        * Chet to initiate a special majority vote ballot on this.
            * Vote passed
            * Andreas and Samrat were confirmed
    * ACTION: Chet to initiate a special majority vote ballot for PR 66 to change PGB governance doc so we don’t need a special majority vote to appoint TSC chairs [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/66](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/66)
        * Vote passed. PR has been merged.
    * ACTION: Tas to update PR 67 to be compatible with OASIS rules [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/67](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/67) 
        * Updated, ready for discussion
            * Requires special majority vote
        * ACTION: Tas to send request for ballot - once Sonal’s Baseline governance doc updated (below) is ready for PGB vote so we can vote on both at once
    * Sonal inquired about updating the governance doc regarding maintainers. Current policies doc is not in github repo.
        * ACTION: Sonal will propose a PR to change [https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/blob/main/docs/governance/governance.md](https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/blob/main/docs/governance/governance.md) Also move that doc to the top level of the baseline repo
        * ACTION: to be reviewed by PGB chairs and then put up for a vote. TSC should review and approve but not merge PR until PGB approves it.
* Updates on potential projects (5 min)
    * TokenScript
        * PGB is asking for participation commitments from at least 2 other projects, ideally 4.  PGB waiting until we see the commitments.
        * Carol asked them for more “sponsors” but Dan pointed out that the PGB requires only more “participants” not “sponsors”.  See below Main Topic.
        * ACTION: Dan to enter email conversation with TokenScript folks on what is required in order to launch.
    * Carol G/Mary M - ZK standards
    * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * Tabled for now, check back around January 2023
    * James - pharmaceutical traceability ledger, PharmaLedger Alliance
        * ACTION: Jamey to coordinate meeting with Dan/James (EEA) with Dan Fritz / James Gannon (PharmaLedger)
            * Meeting targeted for January
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
    * Layer 2 Working Group
        * Question from Andreas regarding what the meaning is of the requirement for testability for draft specification - will discuss as Main Topic when next possible
            * ACTION: Dan will ask Chaals for suggestion
        * Internationalization and localization: it would be helpful to have examples for consideration beyond the examples given. And ask for more guidance.
            * ACTION: Dan will ask Chaals for suggestion
        * First draft of transaction fees spec was created
    * Baseline
        * BRI-3 (simple reference implementation) work in progress 
* Main topics (30 min) 
    * Requirements for forming a new TSC
        * Note from Carol: Tas mentioned to me that "the PGB requires only that there are people from at least 3 organizations who are willing to commit to working on the project, but are not necessarily required to be paying sponsors"... \
However, the EEA CP Governance doc says: "To start a new TSC, there must be a request from at least three sponsoring organizations who commit to participating." If "sponsoring" in this context doesn't mean paying, we may just want to drop the word from that sentence. \
However...we should have a discussion about how many TSCs the PGB may form that do not bring in more sponsors. It would be nice to set the expectation that new sponsors are needed but still let the PGB retain the discretion to start a sponsorless TSC that merits formation.
            * PGB agrees that we need at least 3 participating organizations to start a new TSC.
            * PGB sees some value in requiring some of the participating organizations to be sponsors.
            * PGB is concerned with requiring additional (new) sponsors in order to start a new TSC.
            * Needs input from OASIS (Carol)
    * Other business if we have time left over
    
