## Date: 2 Nov 2022  --DRAFT

**Present:** Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), Samrat Kishor (Baseline TSC rep), Sonal Patel (Mesh),

**Regrets:**  Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Matt Hepler (Arca), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Marcus Krug (SAP), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Peter Kecman (Nethermind), James Canterbury (EY), Olu Akinwande (Montech Studios), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Kyle Thomas (Provide)

**Guests:** 

**Agenda Items**



* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Marcus Krug, Melanie Marsollier, Stefan Schmidt, Kyle Thomas, Antonio Sabado, Tomasz Stanczak, Dan Kochis, Noam Eppel, Dan Burnett, Matt Hepler, James Canterbury, Andreas Freund, Tracy Kuhrt, Claudia Rauch, Tas Dienes, 
    * Current scribe: Claudia and Tas
* Agenda review (3 min)
* Past action items (5 min)
    * Dan to wrap up documentation of full specification process. Working toward a document to submit to PGB for approval. 
        * No progress yet.
        * TSCs can operate according to not-officially-approved process
        * Andreas has requested that the not-officially-approved process be shared more broadly so people know what to expect.
        * ACTION: Discuss with Dan
    * Tracy, Claudia, and Jamey to create a PR to governance docs that defines bullying/abusive behavior. Consequences of bad behavior should be specified.
        * [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/62](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/62) 
        * Needs to be a special majority vote.  21-Sep-2022 Tas motions to request that OASIS staff sets up a new ballot but will bring this up after two extra PGB meetings to give PGB members some time to review and to wait for the new standing rules to take effect so that we can exclude non-participating PGB members from quorum.
            * Tas moves to proceed with vote on #62.  No objections; will proceed. 
            * ACTION: Tas to email Chet to start this
* Updates on potential projects (5 min)
    * TokenScript
        * PGB is asking for participation commitments from at least 2 other projects, ideally 4.  No response yet.
    * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
        * Tas to take off the list
    * Carol G/Mary M - ZK standards
    * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * Tabled for now, check back around January 2023
    * James - pharmaceutical traceability ledger, PharmaLedger Alliance
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * On 24 Aug, Peter said he would get an update on this by the next meeting
            * Tas sent a reminder email 2022-10-31
    * Layer 2 Working Group 
        * Andreas reports that the WG is about to send the first draft standard for the Canonical token List to the PGB.
        * Next project on address aliasing - hoping to close by the end of the year
        * Interoperability is a focus for 2023, including transaction fees.
    * Baseline
        * Sonal inquired about updating the governance doc regarding maintainers. Current policies doc is not in github repo.
        * Sonal will propose a PR to change [https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/blob/main/docs/governance/governance.md](https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/blob/main/docs/governance/governance.md)
        * Also move that doc to the top level of the baseline repo
* Main topics (30 min) 
    * Redo special majority vote on PR#60 and #61 and #56
        * ACTION: Tas to email Chet to start this
    * Start special majority vote to approve L2 WG (Andreas) and Baseline TSC (Samrat) chairs 
        * ACTION: Tas will email Chet to start vote for L2 WG chair asap: Andreas and Dan
        * For Baseline chair, we need to wait until after TSC election is done (friday) and new TSC decides on chair to recommend (next TSC meeting).  
    * Tas made a suggestion to change PGB governance doc so we donâ€™t need a special majority vote to appoint TSC chairs
        * ACTION: Tas to create a PR for this. May wait until after outstanding PRs have been merged.        
    * Other business if we have time left over
        * Claudia discussed the need to increase participation in PGB meetings. 
