
## Date: 5 May 2022  --DRAFT

**Present:**  Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Chet Ensign (OASIS), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Matt Hepler (Arca), 

**Regrets:**  James Canterbury (EY), Marcus Krug (SAP), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink)

**Guests:** 



* **Agenda Items**
    * Greet new members (2 min)
    * Select scribe (1 min)
        * Current list: Marcus Krug, Melanie Marsollier, Stefan Schmidt, Claudia Rauch, Kyle Thomas, Antonio Sabado, Tomasz Stanczak, Dan Kochis, Noam Eppel, Tracy Kuhrt, Dan Burnett, Chaals Nevile, Tas Dienes, Matt Hepler, James Canterbury, John Wolpert
    * Agenda review (3 min)
    * Past action items (5 min)
        * ACTION: Chairs to create pull request incorporating the new non-sponsor funding [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LLO5ER3cHhpO7LzB9gYz1SLf-xMHA7-nVd9-QYglmgA/edit) from Carol
            * A discussion ensued where the chairs have committed to putting the doc into the repo, but the PGB had already agreed in principle with the content of the doc.  PGB today decided to give the “go ahead” to implement website changes to feature the open collective donation page with the language/policy changes reflected in the proposal doc above, subject to later removal/backing out in the unlikely event of an objection to the formal language when voted upon.
        * ACTION: Carol to send Email asking PGB if they are OK with the Baseline website sponsor listing format now that updates have been made
            * DONE
        * ACTION: Dan and Tas to work on a PR that clarifies that
            * TSC chairs are not members of the PGB by virtue of being chair.  Rather, a TSC is expected to choose one, and only one, TSC member to represent them on the PGB and vote on the PGB, and that person may be a chair but does not have to be, and
            * PGB non-member guests must have approval from a PGB chair before attending PGB meetings.
    * Updates on potential projects (5 min)
        * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
        * Carol G/Mary M - ZK standards  
            * Carol has been reaching out with no response
        * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * Carol G - TokenScript
            * Carol confirmed that they are still working on their proposal
    * Updates on existing projects (10 min)
        * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Layer 2 Working Group
            * Continuing discussions with EEA crosschain interop WG about GPACT
            * Andreas is working on a blog post 
            * Tas met with several L2 projects at DevConnect, and the level of interest in standards discussion was high
        * Baseline
            * Progress on tools
            * TSC approved moving to quarterly meetings and as-needed for standards meetings
            * Standards work is slowing
            * Amsterbase went very well.
            * OASIS has a booth at BlackHat (largely because of Baseline)
            * TSC did vote (appropriately) on removal of a member - the vote was not to remove
    * Main topics (30 min)
        * Change to the Baseline [governance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gDqvG4Wj7Z1jZgS6ESFLBiOMKOrclSDVftL6iDCc0HM/edit?usp=sharing) doc was presented to the PGB and will be voted by simple majority at next PGB meeting. 
        * Update on committee to document process for proceeding to OASIS standards from ECP
            * Committee met on 2 May 2022 and began developing a flow diagram of the full process; more work to do
    * Other business if we have time left over
        * The members present at this meeting suggested adding the Wednesday 11am US-Eastern timeframe and Thursday at 11am US-Eastern timeframe to the [doodle poll](https://doodle.com/meeting/participate/id/e0RP3MXb) of proposed times for the PGB meeting  
