
## Date: 1 June 2022 -- DRAFT

**Present:**  Chet Ensign (OASIS), Matt Hepler (Arca), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture)

**Regrets:**  James Canterbury (EY), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Marcus Krug (SAP), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Andreas Freund

**Guests:** 



* **Agenda Items**
    * Greet new members (2 min)
    * Select scribe (1 min)
        * Current list: Marcus Krug, Melanie Marsollier, Stefan Schmidt, Claudia Rauch, Kyle Thomas, Antonio Sabado, Tomasz Stanczak, Dan Kochis, Noam Eppel, Dan Burnett, Tas Dienes, Matt Hepler, James Canterbury, John Wolpert, Andreas Freund, Tracy Kuhrt
        * Current scribe: Claudia Rauch & Chet Ensign
    * Agenda review (3 min)
    * Past action items (5 min)
        * ACTION: Special Majority Vote on
            * [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/61](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/61)
            * [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/60](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/60)
            * [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/56](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/56) 
            * VOTE FAILED
        * ACTION: Chaals (via Dan) to create a PR with detailed examples for accessibility of spec content, including examples of specs that do it right and those that do not
            * No progress yet.
        * ACTION: Chaals will make changes to the Baseline specification as a sample for how to do accessibility
            * No progress yet.
    * Updates on potential projects (5 min)
        * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
        * Carol G/Mary M - ZK standards 
        * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * Carol G - TokenScript
            * No updates on potential projects
    * Updates on existing projects (10 min)
        * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Layer 2 Working Group
            * Tas provides an update 
                * attendance is picking up
                * Issues list and discussions around issues are happening
        * Baseline
            * John provides an update
                * There is limited/no outstanding data on need for multiparty coordination (other than paper/email).  IDC will be doing a study on this.
                * Number of contributors is going up thanks to efforts of outreach team
                * There is a decorum concern raised by multiple parties - pgb needs to provide more guidance on the topic. Not urgent but important
    * Main topics (30 min)
        * Update on committee to document full specification process 
            * Tas/Dan/Chet met last week and made progress.
            * ACTION:  Dan to wrap up. Working toward a document to submit to PGB for approval. 
        * Discuss failed vote and process for handling inactive PGB members
            * Dan raised the concern about having people join the PGB but then not participate, possibly due to lack of interest.  Their lack of participation can become an impediment to the PGB getting work done (i.e. votes)
            * OASIS has been promoting PGB representation
            * Important that people who have a right to vote are people who do work 
            * ACTION: OASIS staff will contact the people who didn’t vote - start with the expectation that they will participate and vote. Ask if they would consider opting to become a persistent non-voting member
                * Tracy proposed language from another org: “Any Governing Board representative who fails to attend two consecutive Governing Board meetings will not be counted for purposes of determining quorum requirements as of the third consecutive meeting and until they next attend a Governing Board meeting.” 
                * Chet notes concept of Persistent Non-Voting Member in TCs - that could be an option
            * Discussion of option to re-run the vote, possibly after the reach-out effort 
            * OASIS is looking into modifying OP rules to support attendance requirements to maintain voting rights 
    * Other business if we have time left over
        * Reviewed ECP Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct - at [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md)
            * Needs more detail on what constitutes inappropriate behavior 
            
            
