
## Date:  24 March 2022  -- DRAFT

**Present:** Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Matt Hepler (Arca), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), 

**Regrets:**  Kyle Thomas (Provide), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), James Canterbury (EY), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Marcus Krug (SAP), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink)

**Guests:** 



* **Agenda Items**
    * Greet new members (2 min)
    * Select scribe (1 min)
        * Current list: Matt Hepler, Marcus Krug, John Wolpert, James Canterbury, Melanie Marsollier, Stefan Schmidt, Claudia Rauch, Kyle Thomas, Antonio Sabado, Tomasz Stanczak, Dan Kochis, Noam Eppel, Tracy Kuhrt, Dan Burnett, Chaals Nevile, Tas Dienes,
    * Agenda review (3 min)
    * Past action items (5 min)
        * ACTION:  Chet to connect Dan B and Carol G about non-sponsor funding topic
            * DONE.  We will allocate 5% of such funding to ECP marketing (beyond what is allocated to OASIS).  Carol and John will include this in their written proposal for the PGB.
            * ACTION: Carol to distribute written doc in advance for a vote during the next PGB meeting.
        * ACTION: Sponsors have to sign an IPR agreement.  TSC representatives to the PGB may not. This could create an issue if a TSC representative biases the PGB towards a decision benefiting IPR they were not required to disclose or license. Chet will research this.
            * No updates yet
        * ACTION: Sonal will work with Carol to send email to PGB asking if any concerns around the new Baseline website sponsor services/contact info or its framing - Sonal personal time will redress when appropriate
        * ACTION: Dan and Tas to work on a PR that clarifies that
            * TSC chairs are not members of the PGB by virtue of being chair.  Rather, a TSC is expected to choose one, and only one, TSC member to represent them on the PGB and vote on the PGB, and that person may be a chair but does not have to be, and
            * PGB non-member guests must have approval from a PGB chair before attending PGB meetings.
    * Updates on potential projects (5 min)
        * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
        * Carol G/Mary M - ZK standards - JW to follow up
        * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * Carol G - TokenScript - looking at template and permission to attend next meeting or upcoming meeting to discuss
    * Updates on existing projects (10 min)
        * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Layer 2 Working Group
            * The participants of the Technical Specification of Layer 2 Blockchain Scalability Solutions for Ethereum Virtual Machine Compatible Public Blockchains Project (L2) have indicated via poll that they approve Andreas Freund and Dan Shaw acting as the project co-chairs. See[ https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/eea-cp-l2/message/21](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/eea-cp-l2/message/21).  PGB must approve them. 	
                1. Approved by PGB
            * L2 WG is meeting with EEA Crosschain Interop WG to discuss solutions to the asset with residual payment portability problem 
        * Baseline
            * Arranging a get-together at dev-connect event
            * Noted there is ongoing discussion about a difference of opinion among some members of the community 
            * Sponsors listed on [https://www.baseline-protocol.org/get-baselined/](https://www.baseline-protocol.org/get-baselined/) site
    * Main topics (30 min)
        * PGB members are encouraged to review charter links for PRVD
    * Other business if we have time left over
