
## Date: 19 May 2022

**Present:**  Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), James Canterbury (EY), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), 

**Regrets:**  Chet Ensign (OASIS), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Matt Hepler (Arca), Marcus Krug (SAP), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Andreas Freund

**Guests:** Sonal Patel



* **Agenda Items**
    * Greet new members (2 min)
        * Andreas Freund 
    * Select scribe (1 min)
        * Current list: Marcus Krug, Melanie Marsollier, Stefan Schmidt, Claudia Rauch, Kyle Thomas, Antonio Sabado, Tomasz Stanczak, Dan Kochis, Noam Eppel, Tracy Kuhrt, Dan Burnett, Tas Dienes, Matt Hepler, James Canterbury, John Wolpert, Andreas Freund
    * Agenda review (3 min)
    * Past action items (5 min)
        * ACTION: Chairs to create pull request incorporating the new non-sponsor funding [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LLO5ER3cHhpO7LzB9gYz1SLf-xMHA7-nVd9-QYglmgA/edit) from Carol
            * PR added and vote in progress [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/61](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/61) 
        * ACTION: Dan and Tas to work on a PR that clarifies that
            * TSC chairs are not members of the PGB by virtue of being chair.  Rather, a TSC is expected to choose one, and only one, TSC member to represent them on the PGB and vote on the PGB, and that person may be a chair but does not have to be, and
            * PGB non-member guests must have approval from a PGB chair before attending PGB meetings.
            * PR added and vote in progress [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/60](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/60) 
    * Updates on potential projects (5 min)
        * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
        * Carol G/Mary M - ZK standards 
        * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * Carol G - TokenScript
    * Updates on existing projects (10 min)
        * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Layer 2 Working Group
            * Additional participation and more discussion of potential work topics resulting from contacts made at DevConnect.
        * Baseline
            * Regarding TSC member removal, not clear what the attendance policies should say, so working on that
            * Challenges related to TSC meeting time and whether people may end up leaving TSC due to this
            * Some in the community are working to resolve possible security conflicts in progress.  They will let us know (PGB) if we need to engage.
            * Finalizing grant distributions in July
    * Main topics (30 min)
        * Change to the Baseline [governance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gDqvG4Wj7Z1jZgS6ESFLBiOMKOrclSDVftL6iDCc0HM/edit?usp=sharing) doc was presented to the PGB.  PGB will take a simple majority vote at this meeting on approval.
            * APPROVED unanimously.  John Wolpert (or delegee) to apply these changes to the existing official Markdown version.
        * Update on committee to document full specification process 
            * Committee met again this week to work on flow charts.  Tas/Dan/Chet meeting again next week, hopefully to complete diagrams and descriptive text. Working toward a document to submit to PGB for approval. 
        * Meeting time change 
            * [https://doodle.com/meeting/participate/id/e0RP3MXb](https://doodle.com/meeting/participate/id/e0RP3MXb)
            * Best time appears to be 08:00 PT on Wednesdays 
            * Next meeting June 1 at 08:00 PT
        * Discuss Andreasâ€™ concerns with specification document requirement around accessibility 
            * ACTION: Chaals (via Dan) to create a PR with detailed examples for accessibility of spec content, including examples of specs that do it right and those that do not
            * Chaals will make changes to the Baseline specification as a sample for how to do accessibility
        * Discuss changes in PR [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/58](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/58) update to specification doc requirements.
            * MERGED
    * Other business if we have time left over
