

## Date: 30 Nov 2022

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), James Canterbury (EY), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), Samrat Kishor (Baseline TSC rep),

**Regrets:** Sonal Patel (Mesh)​​, Matt Hepler (Arca), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Marcus Krug (SAP), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Peter Kecman (Nethermind), Olu Akinwande (Montech Studios), Kyle Thomas (Provide)

**Guests:** 

**Agenda Items**
* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Dan Kochis, Dan Burnett, Matt Hepler, Andreas Freund, Claudia Rauch, Tas Dienes, Sonal Patel, Samrat Kishor, James Canterbury
    * Current scribe: Tas Dienes
* Agenda review (3 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next two-three monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
        * Meet December 14th
        * Skip December 28
        * Meet January 11th
        * Meet February 8th
* Past action items (5 min)
    * ACTION: Andreas to update the specification workflow process to add additional context and consistency and make it ready for use as a working draft, with which TSCs can operate according to not-officially-approved process
        * Done: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1p9JDX6dZRIpS4nYqY0XcuySxPzvawuzGnBZnMoZkS_M/edit#slide=id.p
        * PGB decided that TSCs can proceed using this as a not-yet-officially-approved process working draft 
    * Tracy, Claudia, and Jamey to create a PR to governance docs that defines bullying/abusive behavior. Consequences of bad behavior should be specified.
        * [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/62](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/62) 
        * Special majority vote initiated on 11/15
        * Vote passed. Tas to merge PR. (done)
    * Redo special majority vote on PR#60 and #61 and #56
        * Special majority vote initiated on 11/15
        * Vote passed. Tas to merge PR. (done)
    * ACTION: Tas will email Chet to start vote for L2 WG chair asap: Andreas and Dan Shaw
        * Special majority vote initiated on 11/15
        * Vote passed. Andreas and Dan approved as WG chairs.
    * ACTION: Start special majority vote to approve Baseline TSC chairs 
        * We need to wait until after TSC election is done and new TSC decides on chair to recommend (next TSC meeting Nov 17).  
        * Andreas and Samrat have been nominated as co-chairs.
        * Chet to initiate a special majority vote ballot on this.
    * Tas made a suggestion to change PGB governance doc so we don’t need a special majority vote to appoint TSC chairs
        * ACTION: Tas to create a PR for this. Wait until after outstanding PRs have been merged.
        * [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/66](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/66)
            * ACTION: Chet to initiate a special majority vote ballot for this 
        * [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/67](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/67) 
            * ACTION: Not ready for vote. We also need to fix “The chair is empowered to suspend a contributor temporarily or permanently (for example for egregiously or repeatedly breaching the Code of Conduct)” - Chet says OASIS rules don’t allow chairs to suspend/remove members
    * Sonal inquired about updating the governance doc regarding maintainers. Current policies doc is not in github repo.
        * ACTION: Sonal will propose a PR to change [https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/blob/main/docs/governance/governance.md](https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/blob/main/docs/governance/governance.md) Also move that doc to the top level of the baseline repo
    * ACTION: all - review L2 Token List spec with intent to vote on release during the 11/30 meeting
        * L2 Standards WG requesting PGB approval of specification Release for L2 Token List [https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/blob/main/workitems/tokenlist/l2-token-list-v1.0-psd01.md](https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/blob/main/workitems/tokenlist/l2-token-list-v1.0-psd01.md)  
        * Dan will ask Chaals to do a full review, but this does not block Release
* Updates on potential projects (5 min)
    * TokenScript
        * PGB is asking for participation commitments from at least 2 other projects, ideally 4.  PGB waiting until we see the commitments.
        * Carol asked them for more “sponsors” but Dan pointed out that the PGB requires only more “participants” not “sponsors”.
        * ACTION: Chairs + Carol to meet with them to see how to move forward
    * Carol G/Mary M - ZK standards
    * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * Tabled for now, check back around January 2023
    * James - pharmaceutical traceability ledger, PharmaLedger Alliance
        * ACTION: Jamey to coordinate meeting with Dan/James (EEA) with Dan Fritz / James Gannon (PharmaLedger)
            * Jamey to bump 
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
    * Layer 2 Working Group
        * In final review and comments on EVM based address aliasing spec, hope to merge in January
        * Next project: definitions for L2 transaction fees
        * Drafting a mini-report on the state of L2 bridges
    * Baseline
        * New TSC has been formed.  
        * Andreas and Samrat were nominated as co-chairs, with Samrat as TSC representative
        * TSC members will be asked to write blogs and pick specific subject areas to focus on
        * Working on roadmap for next year
* Main topics (30 min) 
    * VOTE: L2 Standards WG requesting PGB approval of specification Release for L2 Token List [https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/blob/main/workitems/tokenlist/l2-token-list-v1.0-psd01.md](https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/blob/main/workitems/tokenlist/l2-token-list-v1.0-psd01.md) 
        * Andreas confirmed that all release stage requirements for the spec have been met
        * No substantive changes since review was requested
        * Andreas motioned to approve the doc as a Release, Samrat seconded
        * No objections to unanimous approval.  Approved as a Release.
    * Other business if we have time left over
