## Date: 24 February 2022

**Present:** Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), James Canterbury (EY), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Noam Eppel (Morpheus)

**Regrets:**  Matt Hepler (Arca), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Marcus Krug (SAP), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink)

**Guests:** 



* **Agenda Items**
    * Greet new members (2 min)
    * Select chaals as scribe (1 min)
        * Dan: We are going to ask people to take turns scribing so we get minutes more effectively
        * Current list: Matt Hepler, Tas Dienes, Marcus Krug, John Wolpert, James Canterbury, Melanie Marsollier, Stefan Schmidt, Claudia Rauch, Kyle Thomas, Antonio Sabado, Tomasz Stanczak, Dan Kochis, Noam Eppel, Tracy Kuhrt, Dan Burnett, Chaals Nevile, 
    * Agenda review (3 min)
        * Project spec requirements, chair election process.
    * Past action items (5 min)
        * ACTION: EEA, OASIS, and other interested parties will work out the details of a non-sponsor Pull Request for our Governance doc, to be approved by an e-ballot as soon as practicable.
            * Action Chet to connect Dan B and Carol G
        * ACTION: Sonal will work with Carol to send email to PGB asking if any concerns around the new Baseline website sponsor services/contact info or its framing
            * No progress yet
        * ACTION: Dan and Tas to propose Pull Request for Governance doc defining the chair election process
            * DONE: [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/56](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/56) 
        * ACTION: Dan/Tas to add the current version of the Project Specification-track document requirements at [https://hackmd.io/no631nzqQZiwVa351E73_A?view](https://hackmd.io/no631nzqQZiwVa351E73_A?view) as a PR to the ECP github repo.  Chaals may then submit his proposed change as a PR, for future discussion. 
            * First part DONE:  [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/55](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/55) 
            * Chaals’ part is still TBD.
        * ACTION: Dan and Tas to submit Pull Request on participation by TSC guests and non-Chairs
            * No progress yet
    * Main topics (30 min)
        * Review and adopt Project Specification-track document requirements Pull Request \
[https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/55](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/55) 
            * RESOLVED: adopt these requirements to clarify our process.  PR merged.
        * Review and approve Chair election process Pull Request [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/56](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/56) 
            * Discussion of review questions.
            * If someone is nominated, do they have to accept the nomination? PR Updated to resolve that question as “no”
            * RESOLVED: We need a Full Majority to adopt these requirements (i.e., to merge the PR).
            * ACTION: [As soon as practical after the Chairs see a 7-day period with no comments explicitly raising objections to this Pull Request being merged, the Chairs will issue an e-ballot requiring a Full Majority Vote for acceptance. Once approved, we will merge](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/56#issuecomment-1050244640).
    * Updates on potential projects (5 min)
        * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
        * EF/Mary - ZK standards
            * We no longer know what this is. Drop it?
        * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
            * Tokens might need to interoperate across different networks that e.g. track carbon
            * James is working with IWA on this currently and evaluating what EEA engagement might be appropriate
            * [EEA Crosschain Interoperability work](https://entethalliance.github.io/crosschain-interoperability) might provide a solution for this
            * If we get closer to a project, we’ll propose something
    * Updates on existing projects (10 min)
        * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Layer 2 Working Group
            * Looking at EEA Cross-chain work to solve their first major work item proposal. So they’re looking to work on other items
            * Group is meeting regularly and taking minutes
            * Still no chair yet, but should have a recommendation shortly
        * Baseline
            * Going well, getting signups. Still need to set up the grants proposal and infrastructure. (See action item above for Sonal/Carol). Can now accept crypto as grants. R&D going well.
    * Other business if we have time left over
        * Review alignment between TSC and PGB governance docs across TSCs
        
       
