## Date: 7 April 2022 -- DRAFT

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), James Canterbury (EY), Marcus Krug (SAP), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Carol Geyer (OASIS), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), 

**Regrets:**  Chet Ensign (OASIS), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Matt Hepler (Arca), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink)

**Guests:** 



* **Agenda Items**
    * Greet new members (2 min)
    * Select scribe (1 min)
        * Current list: Marcus Krug, John Wolpert, Melanie Marsollier, Stefan Schmidt, Claudia Rauch, Kyle Thomas, Antonio Sabado, Tomasz Stanczak, Dan Kochis, Noam Eppel, Tracy Kuhrt, Dan Burnett, Chaals Nevile, Tas Dienes, Matt Hepler, James Canterbury
    * Agenda review (3 min)
    * Past action items (5 min)
        * ACTION: Carol to distribute written non-sponsor funding proposal in advance for a vote during the next PGB meeting.
            * Carol shared marked up document
            * Meeting attendees agreed with the proposal in principle
            * Resolution will need to be included in the governance document which requires a pull request and a full majority vote
                1. ACTION: Chairs to create pull request
        * ACTION: Sponsors have to sign an IPR agreement.  TSC representatives to the PGB may not. This could create an issue if a TSC representative biases the PGB towards a decision benefiting IPR they were not required to disclose or license. Chet will research this.
            * Not an issue.  In section 15.3 of the process document it says that the "PGB Covenant for Specifications" applies to "a member of [the] Open Projectâ€™s Governing Board".  This means that any PGB member is agreeing to the non-assert provision for all specifications approved by the PGB.
        * ACTION: Sonal will work with Carol to send email to PGB asking if any concerns around the new Baseline website sponsor services/contact info or its framing 
            * ACTION: Carol to send Email asking PGB if they are OK with the format now that updates have been made
        * ACTION: Dan and Tas to work on a PR that clarifies that
            * TSC chairs are not members of the PGB by virtue of being chair.  Rather, a TSC is expected to choose one, and only one, TSC member to represent them on the PGB and vote on the PGB, and that person may be a chair but does not have to be, and
            * PGB non-member guests must have approval from a PGB chair before attending PGB meetings.
            * No progress yet
    * Updates on potential projects (5 min)
        * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
        * Carol G/Mary M - ZK standards 
            * Tas will check and ask in Amsterdam
        * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
            * James is working with IWA on carbon emissions token
            * Welcomes participation in that work
        * Carol G - TokenScript
            * Working on their proposal which needs to be submitted to PGB
    * Updates on existing projects (10 min)
        * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Layer 2 Working Group 
            * EEA blog announcement to go out next week and presentation in Amsterdam
            * Tas is giving an announcement talk in Amsterdam in two weeks
            * Work progressing with Crosschain Interop WG on digital assets with residuals 
        * Baseline
            * Potential request for new time for PGB meetings to account for timezones
            * TSC announced back in October that it would begin enforcing existing attendance requirements.  That is happening now.
            * Be aware that there is an option for TSC members to resign and reappoint a representative at mid-term
            * IDC proposal for a global study of spend on multi-party coordinations
            * John to share proposal when available
            * TSC approved AmsterBased @ DevConnect
            * John shared announcement on EIP-4910
    * Main topics (30 min)
    * Other business if we have time left over
