


## Date: 16 Nov 2022 --DRAFT

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Samrat Kishor (Baseline TSC rep), Sonal Patel (Mesh)​​, Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), James Canterbury (EY), Chet Ensign (OASIS), 

**Regrets:** Matt Hepler (Arca), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Marcus Krug (SAP), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Peter Kecman (Nethermind), Olu Akinwande (Montech Studios), Kyle Thomas (Provide)

**Guests:** 

**Agenda Items**



* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Kyle Thomas, Antonio Sabado, Dan Kochis, Dan Burnett, Matt Hepler, James Canterbury, Andreas Freund, Claudia Rauch, Tas Dienes, Sonal Patel, Samrat Kishor
    * Current scribe: James Canterbury
* Agenda review (3 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next two monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
        * Next meeting November 30
        * Meet December 14th
        * Skip December 28
        * Meet January 11th
    * Claudia to continue to send reminders for agenda items
* Past action items (5 min)
    * Dan to wrap up documentation of full specification process. Working toward a document to submit to PGB for approval. 
        * Processes have been mapped out overlaying PGB and Oasis processes
        * Additional text/explanations need to be added
        * TSCs can operate according to not-officially-approved process
        * ACTION: Andreas to update the google document to add additional context.
    * Tracy, Claudia, and Jamey to create a PR to governance docs that defines bullying/abusive behavior. Consequences of bad behavior should be specified.
        * [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/62](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/62) 
        * Special majority vote initiated on 11/15
    * Redo special majority vote on PR#60 and #61 and #56
        * Special majority vote initiated on 11/15
    * Sonal inquired about updating the governance doc regarding maintainers. Current policies doc is not in github repo.
        * ACTION: Sonal will propose a PR to change [https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/blob/main/docs/governance/governance.md](https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/blob/main/docs/governance/governance.md) Also move that doc to the top level of the baseline repo
    * ACTION: Start special majority vote to approve Baseline TSC chairs 
        * We need to wait until after TSC election is done and new TSC decides on chair to recommend (next TSC meeting Nov 17).  
    * Tas made a suggestion to change PGB governance doc so we don’t need a special majority vote to appoint TSC chairs
        * ACTION: Tas to create a PR for this. Wait until after outstanding PRs have been merged.
            * Draft: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jxjDbHl5ZMLWHJBhKtvvnXtaoTvYZBnZdYBuQbKQ-6w/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jxjDbHl5ZMLWHJBhKtvvnXtaoTvYZBnZdYBuQbKQ-6w/edit) 
    * ACTION: Tas will email Chet to start vote for L2 WG chair asap: Andreas and Dan Shaw
        * Special majority vote initiated on 11/15
* Updates on potential projects (5 min)
    * TokenScript
        * PGB is asking for participation commitments from at least 2 other projects, ideally 4.  PGB waiting until we see the commitments.
        * ACTION: Claudia to connect with Carol and provide update
    * Carol G/Mary M - ZK standards
    * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * Tabled for now, check back around January 2023
    * James - pharmaceutical traceability ledger, PharmaLedger Alliance
        * ACTION: Jamey to coordinate meeting with Dan/James (EEA) with Dan Fritz / James Gannon (PharmaLedger)
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Update from : JSON-RPC API standardization effort was apparently dropped, due to inability to deliver from relevant stakeholders. I don't have much more than this, but it seems as if it is not going to move anywhere.
    * Layer 2 Working Group
        * 3 specs being worked on:
            * Initial draft of spec for canonical token list completed, Andreas asking for initial review and feedback from enterprise perspective.
            * Drafting spec for L1/L2 EVM based address aliasing
            * Next spec - definition of transaction fees
            * Potential for an interoperability standard and a report on the state of L1/L2 bridges
    * Baseline
        * Voting to select co-chairs, including named representative to PGB
        * Working on reference implementation and demo
        * ~6 devs working on Simple Reference Implementation and setting roadmap for next year
* Main topics (30 min) 
    * L2 Standards WG requesting PGB approval of specification Release for L2 Token List [https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/blob/main/workitems/tokenlist/l2-token-list-v1.0-psd01.md](https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/blob/main/workitems/tokenlist/l2-token-list-v1.0-psd01.md) 
        * Andreas confirmed that all release stage requirements for the spec have been met
        * ACTION: all - review spec with intent to vote on release during the 11/30 meeting
    * Other business if we have time left over

