# EEA Community Projects PGB Meeting - DRAFT 

## **Date:** 10 February 2022

**Present:** Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Matt Hepler (Arca), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Marcus Krug (SAP), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair)

**Regrets:** James Canterbury (EY), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Noam Eppel (Morpheus)

**Guests:** Sonal Patel (ConsenSys - Baseline Product Manager)


* **Agenda Items**
    * Greet new members (2 min)
    * Agenda review (3 min)
    * Past action items (5 min)
        * ACTION: Form the ad-hoc Publications Process Committee to draft the requirements for the Release, Project Specification Draft, and Project Specification stages
            * DONE. 
        * ACTION: EEA, OASIS, and other interested parties will work out the details of a non-sponsor Pull Request for our Governance doc, to be approved by an e-ballot as soon as practicable.
            * No progress yet
        * ACTION: Baseline folks will work up a more precise proposal on ECP sponsor services/contact info on the website
            * Sonal will work with Carol to send email to PGB asking if any concerns around this particular content or its framing
        * ACTION: Dan and Tas to propose Pull Request for Governance doc defining the chair election process
            * No progress yet
    * Main topics (30 min)
        * Resolution to merge outstanding minutes PRs
            * RESOLVED: Merge all existing minutes PRs
        * Resolution on approval of future minutes PRs
            * RESOLVED: Minutes approval will now work as follows:
                1. 24 hours after our meetings end, the draft minutes will be added to our GitHub repo, marked as DRAFT.  OASIS staff to send email to the PGB list when the draft minutes have been posted.
                2. 7 days later, the minutes will be updated from DRAFT to FINAL unless potentially controversial changes have been requested via Pull Request, such determination to be made by the Chairs.  OASIS staff to send email to the PGB list when the minutes have become FINAL.
        * Review and adopt Project Specification-track document requirements  [https://hackmd.io/no631nzqQZiwVa351E73_A?view](https://hackmd.io/no631nzqQZiwVa351E73_A?view) 
            * Proposed by Chaals: Require (MUST) security/privacy/i18n/l14n considerations and functional URL response for any requirements that were removed in a previous version, by the time a document reaches “Project Specification Draft”
            * (Dan/Tas to fill in the next steps we agreed on) Dan/Tas to add the current version as a PR to the ECP github repo.  Chaals may then submit his proposed change as a PR, for future discussion. 
    * Updates on potential projects (5 min)
        * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
        * EF/Mary - ZK standards 
        * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
    * Updates on existing projects (10 min)
        * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
            * Chet has reached out to Tomasz about what would be needed to reactivate; waiting on reply
        * Layer 2 Working Group
            * Have been some discussions on working items
            * Still need to elect Chair and Vice Chair, hopefully at next meeting
        * Baseline
            * Website is up; has had review by EEA, OASIS, etc.
                3. This has resulted in one new sponsor
                4. Should have some metrics within a few weeks
            * Claudia and Sonal are cleaning up the repo; will notify the PGB if needed
    * Other business if we have time left over
        * Review alignment between TSC and PGB governance docs across TSCs
        * ACTION: Dan and Tas to submit Pull Request on participation by TSC guests and non-Chairs

