


## Date: 8 Mar 2023  --DRAFT

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), James Canterbury (EY),

**Regrets:** Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Olu Akinwande (Montech Studios), Claudia Rauch (OASIS),  Ryan Fleischmann (Provide), Sonal Patel (Mesh)​​, Samrat Kishor (Baseline TSC rep), 

**Guests:** Justin Thaler (a16z, Georgetown University)

**Agenda Items**



* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Dan Burnett, Samrat Kishor, James Canterbury, Claudia Rauch, Sonal Patel, Andreas Freund, Tas Dienes
    * Current scribe: Tas Dienes
* Agenda review (3 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen once a month, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet April 12th
        * Meet May 3rd
        * Meet June 7th
* Main topics (20 min) 
    * Justin Thaler to present on ZKP standards ideas
        * ZKProof is an open-industry academic initiative 6 years old, to mainstream ZKP crypto through an inclusive community-driven standardization process that focuses on interoperability and security.
        * Zkproof.org 
        * It’s a loose organization 
        * Annual workshops, working on a community reference doc that will ultimately serve as a trusted spec for ZKP schemes and protocols 
        * Other protocols like FHE have similar standards projects
        * Technology is still evolving rapidly; hard to make things very concrete
        * Room for discussion about future initiatives 
        * NIST is involved 
        * Topics include benchmarking, security practices 
        * Several working groups 
        * Possible to standardize simple primitives, e.g. sigma protocols 
        * Too soon to standardize more complex end to end protocols 
        * May work on reference implementations for popular SNARKs
    * Request for L2 WG Canonical Token List Release to be moved to Project Specification Draft status (simple majority vote) \
[https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/tree/main/workitems/tokenlist](https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/tree/main/workitems/tokenlist) \
Ref: 
        * Passed unanimously 
    * Request for L2 WG EVM-based Address Aliasing to be moved to Release status (simple majority vote) \
[https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/tree/main/workitems/EVM-based-L2-address-aliasing](https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/tree/main/workitems/EVM-based-L2-address-aliasing) \
Ref: 
        * Passed unanimously 
* Past action items (5 min)
    * ACTION: Tas to initiate special majority vote on  [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/67](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/67) and [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/68](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/68) 
        * Initiated
            * James and Roch voted in favor of both, in addition to those that voted using the web-based polling system
            * Both items passed
            * Tas to merge - done
    * ACTION: In the context of the L2 group,
        *  Dan to ask Chaals for suggestions on:
            * Question from Andreas regarding what the meaning is of the requirement for testability for draft specification
            * Internationalization and localization: it would be helpful to have examples for consideration beyond the examples given. And ask for more guidance.
        * Update: Andreas said that he updated the L2 WG’s Canonical Token List draft release, added a testability statement to each requirement. Approaching a general agreement with Chaals from which a general description of testability can be derived. Next steps: Chaals is distilling the meaning of ‘testability’.
        * Note: Compromise worked out for specific cases of L2 WG. However, formal definition is still outstanding especially when referencing another specification and how that specification’s testability requirements or lack there of impact the testability of a project specification.
        * ACTION: Chairs to write a more formal definition 
    * ACTION: Chet and Andreas to discuss the following async. Andreas to email Chet again.
        * Andreas: Clarification on a MUST requirement for Project Specification \
&lt;[https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/SPECIFICATION-DOCUMENT-REQUIREMENTS.md#project-specification](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/SPECIFICATION-DOCUMENT-REQUIREMENTS.md#project-specification)>:
        * The requirement "Headings MUST have URLs that won't change, including fragment identifiers." implies that numbered headings are not allowed because adding/updating/removing headings will change the URL. However, the OASIS project specification template explicitly contains headings with numbers which can easily change even if the heading name remains the same. \
Is this requirement to be understood in conjunction with "Any requirement obsoleted since a previous version of the Project Specification MUST have a URL that resolves to somewhere explicitly stating the requirement is gone" expanded to Headings? This would allow a URL to be included in the obsolete or changed section heading pointing to the new section. Albeit such an approach could create a lot of redirecting sections over time.
        * Update: in Chet’s hands 
    * ACTION: Andreas requests to start the process to move the L2 Canonical Token List standard from Release to Project Specification Draft [https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/tree/main/workitems/tokenlist](https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/tree/main/workitems/tokenlist). Tas to look at the process docs and set up meeting with Dan if needed to determine next steps.
        * Determined simple majority vote - see main topics
    * ACTION: Andreas requests to start the process to move the L2 WG EVM Based Address Aliasing Standard to Release  \
[https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/tree/main/workitems/EVM-based-L2-address-aliasing](https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/tree/main/workitems/EVM-based-L2-address-aliasing) Tas to look at the process docs and set up meeting with Dan if needed to determine next steps
        * Determined simple majority vote - see main topics
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
    * Layer 2 Working Group
        * Published L2 bridges mini report in EEA & ECP blogs
        * Specs will be moving to EIPs and reference implementations 
        * Working on transaction fee definitions and how they should be displayed 
        * Will invite bridge projects into the WG to work on bridge related fees
    * Baseline
        * Blog posts done, more in progress
        * Finalized roadmap
        * BRI-3 should be done in Q2
        * Starting to plan interop fest for Q3 or Q4
        * Starting to plan road show of BRIs 
        * Adding testability requirements to spec 
* Updates on potential projects (5 min)
    * TokenScript
        * Working on bringing in more entities 
    * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * IWA is working on this
        * May be important to some enterprises; it may be the first time some deal with crypto 
        * Tokens are EVM based
        * Not clear how EEA/ECP should fit into this
        * Perhaps we get involved when EIPs are required.  Make sure IWA’s work can be translated into EIPs
        * Needs a project proposal 
    * James - pharmaceutical traceability ledger, PharmaLedger Alliance
        * No update - Ran out of time
    * James - Token Ownership Derived Authorization (TODA) 
        * No update - Ran out of time
* Other business if we have time left over
