## Date: 6 September 2023 --DRAFT

**Present:** Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), James Canterbury (EY), Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind),

**Regrets:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), Sonal Patel (Baseline TSC), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Olu Akinwande (Montech Studios), 

**Guests:** 

**Agenda Items**



* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Dan Burnett, Ryan Fleischmann, James Canterbury, Claudia Rauch, Andreas Freund, Sonal Patel, Tas Dienes
    * Current scribe: Roch Brzezinski,
* Agenda review (2 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen once a month, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet October 11th; Dan may be away; Tas may be away, and if so, need may to cancel
        * Meet November 8
        * Meet December 6
* Past action items (10 min)
* Main topics (20 min) 
    * Update to governance doc: This corrects the sentence stating that the PGB can take action under the CoC. The Code of Conduct, under enforcement responsibilities, states that OASIS staff are responsible for enforcing the CoC. This is to protect the PGB and OASIS from accusations of unfair practices.  The proposed language is just a suggestion. \
[https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/72](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/72)  \
Requires special majority vote 
        * There were no concerns or objections to the proposed change.
        * It was decided to postpone the vote until we will vote on other topics too, or to November if no other topics requiring a vote have arisen.
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Nethermind is looking for resources internally to work on this. Utilize someone part-time with intern support. Cost not yet estimated. 
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group 
        * No update since they did not meet in August.
    * Baseline
        * No update was provided.
    * TokenScript 
        * Minutes from first meeting: [https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/eea-cp-tokenscript/topic/101087673](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/eea-cp-tokenscript/topic/101087673) 
        * Meetings are scheduled monthly. Good feedback from the last call.
* Updates on potential projects (5 min) 
    * James said he is in discussion with Chaals about planning to bring the EEA token standards working group back. The three potential projects below would be rolled into that. No need to continue tracking them here.
        * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * James - pharmaceutical traceability ledger, PharmaLedger Alliance
            * Previously:  Dan had initial discussion with Daniel Fritz of PharmaLedger Alliance, more calls to be scheduled \
ACTION: Dan to continue discussion
        * James - Token Ownership Derived Authorization (TODA) 
* Other business if we have time left over

