
## Date: 23 August 2023 --DRAFT

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), James Canterbury (EY), Ryan Fleischmann (Provide),

**Regrets:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), Sonal Patel (Baseline TSC), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Olu Akinwande (Montech Studios), 

**Guests:** Jamie Clark (OASIS)

**Agenda Items**

* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Dan Burnett, Roch Brzezinski, Ryan Fleischmann, James Canterbury, Claudia Rauch, Andreas Freund, Sonal Patel
    * Current scribe: Tas Dienes
* Agenda review (2 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen once a month, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet September 6 - tentative; Dan will be away.  May need to update invitations to accommodate DST change.
        * Meet October 11th; Dan may be away; Tas may be away, and if so, need may to cancel
        * Meet November 8
* Past action items (10 min)
* Main topics (20 min) 
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Roch said that Nethermind’s plan to use interns won’t work, they need someone with more skills to run it properly. Hard to find the right people. Other projects are taking priority. Revisit again in a couple of months.
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group 
        * No update
    * Baseline
        * Ryan said that BRI-3 build is proceeding, and discussions of how to progress on the interop demo, and how to fund that. Gitcoin grant round in progress, will provide some funds. \
[https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/round/424/0x222ea76664ed77d18d4416d2b2e77937b76f0a35/0x222ea76664ed77d18d4416d2b2e77937b76f0a35-40](https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/round/424/0x222ea76664ed77d18d4416d2b2e77937b76f0a35/0x222ea76664ed77d18d4416d2b2e77937b76f0a35-40) 
    * TokenScript 
        * No update.  
        * ACTION: Tas to ask if time zone is a problem, and if so ask them to send email updates before meetings if they don’t plan to attend. Also offer occasionally meeting at a better time for them. - Done
* Updates on potential projects (5 min) 
    * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * Jamey said that it may make sense to roll up some of these tokenization projects into a higher level working group.  Refer to EEA to discuss tokenization interest group.
    * James - pharmaceutical traceability ledger, PharmaLedger Alliance
        * Dan had initial discussion with Daniel Fritz of PharmaLedger Alliance, more calls to be scheduled
        * ACTION: Dan to continue discussion
    * James - Token Ownership Derived Authorization (TODA) 
        * James said it might fit into the TokenScript project. No need to be removed until relevant updates available.
        * Jamey said that it may make sense to roll up some of these tokenization projects into a higher level working group.  Refer to EEA to discuss tokenization interest group.
* Other business if we have time left over
