## Date: 8 November 2023

**Present:** Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS),Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), James Canterbury (EY), Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind),

**Regrets:** Sonal Patel (Baseline TSC), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Olu Akinwande (Montech Studios), 

**Guests:** 

**Agenda Items**

* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Dan Burnett, Claudia Rauch, Andreas Freund, Sonal Patel, Tas Dienes, Roch Brzezinski, James Canterbury,
    * Current scribe: James Canterbury,
* Agenda review (2 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen once a month, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet December 6
        * Meet January 17, or skip if no significant items to discuss
        * Meet February 7
* Past action items (10 min)
    * Update to governance doc: This corrects the sentence stating that the PGB can take action under the CoC. The Code of Conduct, under enforcement responsibilities, states that OASIS staff are responsible for enforcing the CoC. This is to protect the PGB and OASIS from accusations of unfair practices.  The proposed language is just a suggestion. \
[https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/72](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/72)  \
Requires special majority vote 
        * There were no concerns or objections to the proposed change.
        * It was decided to postpone the vote until we will vote on other topics too, or to December if no other topics requiring a vote have arisen.
* Main topics (20 min) 
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Tas and Roch will try to talk at Devconnect 
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group 
        * About to release update to Layer 2 landscape report with updates on new ZKEVMs
        * Close to first release on Layer 2 Tx Fees spec
        * Starting draft on Layer 2 Data Fees spec
        * Roll Call group working on Roll-up Improvement Protocol
    * Baseline
        * BRI-3 has completed milestone 4, working on milestone 5
        * Additional funds raised through GitCoin and applying for TrustChain funding
        * TSC election ballot closing 11/9
    * TokenScript 
        * Claudia will talk to Bob; attempt to get email updates going forward
* Updates on potential projects (5 min) 
    * Decentralized Storage Alliance (enterprise grade storage provider networks).
    * Jamey to connect Andreas with Daniel Leon at protocol labs
* Other business if we have time left over
