## Date: 12 July 2023

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), Ryan Fleischmann (Provide), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), James Canterbury (EY), Sonal Patel (Baseline TSC), 

**Regrets:** Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Olu Akinwande (Montech Studios), 

**Guests:** Jamie Clark (OASIS)

**Agenda Items**

* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Samrat Kishor, Tas Dienes, Dan Burnett, Roch Brzezinski, Ryan Fleischmann, James Canterbury, Claudia Rauch, Andreas Freund, Sonal Patel
    * Current scribe: Andreas Freund
* Agenda review (2 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen once a month, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet August 23
        * Meet September 6 - tentative; Dan may be away
        * Meet October 11th; Tas may be away
* Past action items (10 min)
    * ACTION: Ryan to facilitate connecting EEA to Environmental Registries (Gold Standard, VERA)
        * Tas and Dan are now connected to Drew from CarbonMark. Potential areas of collaboration around standardization of the lifecycle from capture to tokenization. Currently, there seems to be a lack of forcing functions to coalesce around a set of standards, rather than many competing standards. Jamie is asking for help to have conversations with regulators on meta requirements for blockchains suitable for e.g. ESG tokens.
    * ACTION: Jamie Clark will email Dan & Jamie Canterbury to introduce them to other OASIS projects leads for potential collaboration
        * Jamie Clark is working on this.
* Main topics (20 min) 
    * Update previous minutes to reflect Sonal as new Baseline TSC rep \
[https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/70](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/70) 
        * Motion submitted and approved with no objection. PR merged. 
    * Vote on TokenScript Working Group - new TSC
        * Charter [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NbwhWakUhOtVY8AlKuZvwVFzQbBtYFrcL1MeYEfs7d0/edit?pli=1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NbwhWakUhOtVY8AlKuZvwVFzQbBtYFrcL1MeYEfs7d0/edit?pli=1)
        * Governance [https://docs.google.com/document/d/16zNnk9WeX9FqKn6XdcDiYyiDIn1zb3KEf_9gpsDhndk/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16zNnk9WeX9FqKn6XdcDiYyiDIn1zb3KEf_9gpsDhndk/edit)
        * An e-ballot vote was initiated during the meeting. The Proposal has passed.  Claudia will notify them.
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Progress towards getting resources, Roch should have more details by the next meeting.
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group 
        * EIPs for Token List & EVM-address aliasing in progress. Transaction Fee spec review completed. Gathering final approvals to merge PR. 
    * Baseline
        * Still working on funding the roadmap items. Got applications for interop demo and roadshow RFPs. 
* Updates on potential projects (5 min) 
    * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * There are two types of token (offsets and emissions â€“ credit/debit). Ongoing discussions also in the context of ESG tokens (see previous agenda item)
    * James - pharmaceutical traceability ledger, PharmaLedger Alliance
        * Dan had initial discussion with Daniel Fritz of PharmaLedger Alliance, more calls to be scheduled
    * James - Token Ownership Derived Authorization (TODA) 
        * James said it might fit into the TokenScript project. No need to be removed until relevant updates available.
* Other business if we have time left over
