## Date: 7 June 2023  --DRAFT

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), James Canterbury (EY), Sonal Patel (Mesh, Baseline TSC)

**Regrets:** Ryan Fleischmann (Provide), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Olu Akinwande (Montech Studios), Samrat Kishor (Baseline TSC rep), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), 

**Guests:** Jamie Clark (OASIS), 

**Agenda Items**

* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Samrat Kishor, Claudia Rauch, Andreas Freund, Tas Dienes, Dan Burnett, Roch Brzezinski, Ryan Fleischmann, James Canterbury,
    * Current scribe: Claudia Rauch
* Agenda review (2 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen once a month, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet July 12th 
        * Meet August 23
        * Meet September 6 - tentative; Dan may be away
* Past action items (10 min)
    * ACTION: Engage OASIS to speak with potential funders for Baseline support.
        * Meeting with Carol took place in May
        * Jamie: OASIS willing to help with reaching out to funders. 
        * ACTION: OASIS (Carol) to suggest contacts for the TSC 
    * ACTION: Ryan to facilitate connecting EEA to Environmental Registries (Gold Standard, VERA)
        * Ryan is working on it
    * ACTION: Jamey Canterbury to book meeting between EEA and PharmaLedger
        * Jamey has initiated the connection, summer schedules make timing tricky
        * Guidance from EEA / OASIS wanted on publishing standards
        * Jamie Clark will email Dan & Jamie Canterbury to introduce them to other OASIS projects leads for potential collaboration
* Main topics (20 min) 
    * TokenScript Working Group - new TSC
        * Charter [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NbwhWakUhOtVY8AlKuZvwVFzQbBtYFrcL1MeYEfs7d0/edit?pli=1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NbwhWakUhOtVY8AlKuZvwVFzQbBtYFrcL1MeYEfs7d0/edit?pli=1)
        * Governance [https://docs.google.com/document/d/16zNnk9WeX9FqKn6XdcDiYyiDIn1zb3KEf_9gpsDhndk/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16zNnk9WeX9FqKn6XdcDiYyiDIn1zb3KEf_9gpsDhndk/edit)
        * ACTION: Dan to do editorial pass through the text by June 14	
        * Special majority vote required to approve a new TSC
            * Start ballot on 14 June with 2 week period
    * Andreas Proposal: Suspend 25% Deduction of Baseline Protocol RFP Specific Grants for open 2023 RFPs \
[https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/issues/69](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/issues/69) 
        * Proposal is a request to both EEA and OASIS
        * Motion made to approve PR #69 (see above):
            * 2 in favor, 2 opposed, 2 abstentions.  Motion does not pass at this time, but may of course be made again in the future.
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Update from Roch: person who was supposed to work on this left the company, but they are picking it up again. There will be more updates to come. \
Nethermind has a node benchmarking tool whilst a [new RPC benchmarking](https://twitter.com/notnotstorm/status/1666123223615012869?s=19) tool was built by Paradigm that we are assessing. \
We are also looking into finding an intern that would be interested in building a tool to automate tests of RPC responses across all execution clients.
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group - no discussion as we ran out of time
    * Baseline - no discussion as we ran out of time
* Updates on potential projects (5 min)  - no discussion as we ran out of time
    * TokenScript
    * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
    * James - pharmaceutical traceability ledger, PharmaLedger Alliance
    * James - Token Ownership Derived Authorization (TODA) 
        * Jamey to provide update in June (or later) meeting
* Other business if we have time left over
