## Date: 8 Feb 2023

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS),  Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), Ryan Fleischmann (Provide), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), Sonal Patel (Mesh)​​, Samrat Kishor (Baseline TSC rep),

**Regrets:** James Canterbury (EY), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Olu Akinwande (Montech Studios), 

**Guests:** James (OASIS)

**Agenda Items**

* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Dan Burnett, Samrat Kishor, James Canterbury, Tas Dienes, Claudia Rauch, Sonal Patel, Andreas Freund,
    * Current scribe: Andreas Freund
* Agenda review (3 min)
    * Add Request for L2 WG Canonical Token List Release to be moved to Draft status
    * Add Request for L2 WG EVM-based Address Aliasing to be moved to Release status
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen once a month, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet March 8th (Claudia cannot attend)
        * Meet April 12th
        * Meet May 3
* Past action items (5 min)
    * ACTION: Tas to initiate special majority vote on  [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/67](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/67) 
    * ACTION: Tas to create a PR for updating governance doc 
        * Done. [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/68](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/68) 
        * Would be nice to combine vote with PR 67
        * Note: After brief discussion, the PGB has no objections to combine PR67 and PR68 into a special majority vote. No objections to the content of PR67 and PR68. Tas will ask Chet to initiate a special majority vote. 
            * Done 2023-02-08
    * ACTION: Jamey to coordinate meeting with Dan/James (EEA) with Dan Fritz / James Gannon (PharmaLedger) re a potential new project
        * Discussion was delayed; check back in February
        * Note: Jamie has a conflict and could not attend this meeting. Pushing to March
    * ACTION: In the context of the L2 group, Dan to ask Chaals for suggestions on:
        * Question from Andreas regarding what the meaning is of the requirement for testability for draft specification
        * Internationalization and localization: it would be helpful to have examples for consideration beyond the examples given. And ask for more guidance.
        * Update: Andreas said that he updated the L2 WG’s Canonical Token List draft release, added a testability statement to each requirement. Approaching a general agreement with Chaals from which a general description of testability can be derived. Next steps: Chaals is distilling the meaning of ‘testability’.
        * Note: Compromise worked out for specific cases of L2 WG. However, formal definition is still outstanding especially when referencing another specification and how that specification’s testability requirements or lack there of impact the testability of a project specification.
    * ACTION: Carol to follow up and invite Mary M to speak to PGB for 15 mins on their ideas around standardizing the ZK space (what areas and why)
        * Note: Carol sent a note that Mary M and other participants from various organizations want to join the March PGB meeting to present their ideas on standardizing the ZK space. 
* Updates on potential projects (5 min)
    * TokenScript
        * Tas and Dan met with them. They are looking for more contributors/sponsors in order to meet the requirements for forming a new TSC.
    * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * Tabled for now, check back in February 
        * Note: Jamie not present. Pushing to March
    * James - pharmaceutical traceability ledger, PharmaLedger Alliance
        * Check back in February 
        * Note: Jamie not present. Pushing to March
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
    * Layer 2 Working Group
        * Ready to start process to move L2 Canonical Token List standard from Release to Project Specification Draft
        * Ready to start process Approve L2 WG EVM Based Addressing Standard from Release to Project Specification Draft
        * Mini report on L2 Bridges to be published in late February/early March
        * WG held an election for co-chairs. Andreas Freund and Dan Shaw were selected. Ready for PGB to confirm them.
        * Initiated collaboration with L2Beat
    * Baseline
        * TSC finalized the 2023 Roadmap. Will be published by week of Feb 13
            * Part of roadmap will include interoperability fest towards end of year to push draft spec toward ratification
        * Kicked of initiative regular TSC blog posts (2 published so far)
        * PR to update TSC voter eligibility will be ready for review by March.
        * Standard to add testability statements to 600+ requirements to move to Draft status  
* Main topics (30 min) 
    * Confirm Andreas Freund and Dan Shaw as co-chairs of L2 standards WG.
        * Tas made a call for objections to unanimous consent to confirm the co-chairs. There were no objections to confirmation. New co-chairs are confirmed.
    * Andreas: Clarification on a MUST requirement for Project Specification \
&lt;[https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/SPECIFICATION-DOCUMENT-REQUIREMENTS.md#project-specification](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/SPECIFICATION-DOCUMENT-REQUIREMENTS.md#project-specification)>:
           The requirement "Headings MUST have URLs that won't change, including fragment identifiers." implies that numbered headings are not allowed because adding/updating/removing headings will change the URL. However, the OASIS project specification template explicitly contains headings with numbers which can easily change even if the heading name remains the same. \
Is this requirement to be understood in conjunction with "Any requirement obsoleted since a previous version of the Project Specification MUST have a URL that resolves to somewhere explicitly stating the requirement is gone" expanded to Headings? This would allow a URL to be included in the obsolete or changed section heading pointing to the new section. Albeit such an approach could create a lot of redirecting sections over time.
        * ACTION: Chet and Andreas to discuss async. Andreas to email Chet again.
    * Andreas requests to start the process to move the L2 Canonical Token List standard from Release to Project Specification Draft [https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/tree/main/workitems/tokenlist](https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/tree/main/workitems/tokenlist)
        * ACTION: Tas to look at the process docs and set up meeting with Dan if needed to determine next steps
    * Andreas requests to start the process to move the L2 WG EVM Based Address Aliasing Standard to Release  \
[https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/tree/main/workitems/EVM-based-L2-address-aliasing](https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/tree/main/workitems/EVM-based-L2-address-aliasing)
        * ACTION: Tas to look at the process docs and set up meeting with Dan if needed to determine next steps
    * Other business if we have time left over
        * No other business
        
       
