## Date: 6 December 2023 

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), James Canterbury (EY), Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), Sonal Patel (Baseline TSC)

**Regrets:** Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), 

**Guests:** 

**Agenda Items**
* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Dan Burnett, Andreas Freund, Sonal Patel, Tas Dienes, Roch Brzezinski, James Canterbury, Claudia Rauch
    * Current scribe: Claudia Rauch
* Agenda review (2 min)
    * No changes
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen once a month, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet January 17, or skip if no significant items to discuss
        * Meet February 7
        * Meet March 6 (3 days after EthDenver)
* Past action items (10 min)
    * Update to governance doc: This corrects the sentence stating that the PGB can take action under the CoC. The Code of Conduct, under enforcement responsibilities, states that OASIS staff are responsible for enforcing the CoC. This is to protect the PGB and OASIS from accusations of unfair practices.  The proposed language is just a suggestion. \
[https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/72](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/72)  \
Requires special majority vote 
        * There were no concerns or objections to the proposed change.
        * ACTION: Claudia will set up a ballot after this meeting
* Main topics (20 min) 
    * No main topics
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Tas and Tomasz from Nethermind talked at Devconnect; Tas connected to Ruben
        * Ruben followed up: I took the first step to check the failing Hive RPC tests.[ Here](https://github.com/NethermindEth/nethermind/issues/6305)'s a GitHub issue briefly summarizing my findings. In a nutshell, we have almost identical failures for both Nethermind and Geth, with no data for Erigon and Besu, making me think the tests are outdated/abandoned. As the next step, I'd like to check the tests or ask the authors about the current RPC compatibility tests status, as not having 2 out of 5 clients tested at all defeats the very purpose of it.
        * Roch will keep an eye on this and discuss further internally at Nethermind
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group 
        * Andreas: about to publish the State of Layer 2 Systems report
        * Final review of the combined Transaction Data and Fee spec
    * Baseline
        * Sonal: new TSC has 7 members, kickoff meeting on 5 December
        * BRI 3 work discussed, goal is to complete it in Q1/ Q2
        * Sonal is the TSC rep to the PGB
    * TokenScript 
        * No update. Bob did not reply to email request for update by Tas. They have a meeting tomorrow. Claudia will join.
* Updates on potential projects (5 min) 
    * Decentralized Storage Alliance (enterprise grade storage provider networks).
        * Jamey to connect Andreas with Daniel Leon at protocol labs
        * Drop this from future agendas
* Other business if we have time left over
    * No other topics
 
