## Date: 3 May 2023

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), Ryan Fleischmann (Provide), James Canterbury (EY), Sonal Patel (Mesh), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair),

**Regrets:** Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Olu Akinwande (Montech Studios), Samrat Kishor (Baseline TSC rep), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), 

**Guests:** Jamie Clark (OASIS)

**Agenda Items**



* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Samrat Kishor, James Canterbury, Claudia Rauch, Sonal Patel, Andreas Freund, Tas Dienes, Dan Burnett, Roch Brzezinski, Ryan Fleischmann
    * Current scribe: James Canterbury
* Agenda review (2 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen once a month, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet June 7th - calendar update required
            * Note that every individual needs to remove the old recurring invite themselves; Claudia will notify everyone of the changes
            * ETH Prague scheduled June 9th, but June 7th should be good
        * Meet July 12th 
        * Meet August 2nd
* Past action items (10 min)
    * ACTION: In the context of the L2 group,
        *  Dan to ask Chaals for suggestions on:
            * Question from Andreas regarding what the meaning is of the requirement for testability for draft specification
                1. Questions answered, 
                2. NEW ACTION: Document one or more possible ways to meet this requirement.
            * Internationalization and localization: it would be helpful to have examples for consideration beyond the examples given. And ask for more guidance.
        * Update: Andreas said that he updated the L2 WG’s Canonical Token List draft release, added a testability statement to each requirement. Approaching a general agreement with Chaals from which a general description of testability can be derived. Next steps: Chaals is distilling the meaning of ‘testability’.
        * Note: Compromise worked out for specific cases of L2 WG. However, formal definition is still outstanding especially when referencing another specification and how that specification’s testability requirements or lack there of impact the testability of a project specification.
        * Update: had a meeting with Dan, Tas, Andreas, Chaals to discuss.
        * ACTION: Confirm with Andreas that this has been resolved	
            * Confirmed
    * ACTION: Roch to check into volunteer to write decisions for JSON-RPC API and report back in May meeting
        * JSON RPC API effort was dropped due to lack of documentation
        * Current lack of momentum may lead to closing this project
        * NEW ACTION 1: Roch to connect with Tas for strategy
        * NEW ACTION 2: Roch to organize a call across client teams - suggested to raise the issue at the All Core Devs call to get volunteers. Then determine if the PGB should close the project.
    * ACTION: Claudia to arrange a meeting among Carol, Sonal, Andreas, and the Chairs.  The challenges on both the Baseline side and the OASIS/EEA side were presented.  Not clear what the next step is.
        * Finalizing some RFPs that align with 2023 roadmap.  Expecting donors to support these at a fine level of granularity.
        * Last year added a clause that out of non-sponsor donations 25% would go to OASIS/EEA for support.  This may be detrimental to getting funding, especially since 8% also goes to opencollective.
        * We had discussion about the need for OASIS/EEA staff support, which was the factor that needed to be addressed in order to allow non-sponsor support in the first place.
        * This needs to be discussed between chairs, Sonal, and Carol.
        * One suggestion is to cap the fee at a certain dollar amount
        * Another was to allow a % of sponsorship amount to go towards an open project grant fund
        * Meeting was held, and topics above were discussed.
        * Clarified that sponsor funding is used to support all infrastructure including development.  Suggested to find clients that will directly sponsor development to represent them - this may allow payments to be done directly without going through OpenCollective.
        * ACTION: Engage OASIS to speak with potential funders for Baseline support.
* Main topics (20 min) 
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * See action item update above
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group
        * Continued review of transaction fee spec - draft should be available in next month or two
        * Working on developing test features
    * Baseline
        * Interop working group is making progress, additional companies are joining.
        * Currently working on the grant so that roadmap can be finalized.
* Updates on potential projects (5 min)
    * TokenScript
        * They will proceed with creating docs for PGB approval of new TSC, expected to happen before the May meeting.
        * Claudia has offered to help with the creation of documents, but has not gotten a response.
        * Will check back in June
    * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * Hasn’t seen much activity by companies yet
        * Still important, will likely be some of the first large-scale markets
        * ACTION: Ryan to facilitate connecting EEA to Environmental Registries (Gold Standard, VERA)
    * James - pharmaceutical traceability ledger, PharmaLedger Alliance
        * ACTION: Jamey Canterbury to book meeting between EEA and PharmaLedger 
    * James - Token Ownership Derived Authorization (TODA) 
        * Jamey to provide update in subsequent meet
* Other business if we have time left over

