
## Date: 12 Apr 2023  --DRAFT

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS),  Ryan Fleischmann (Provide), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), Sonal Patel (Mesh)​​, 

**Regrets:** Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Olu Akinwande (Montech Studios), Samrat Kishor (Baseline TSC rep), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), James Canterbury (EY),

**Guests:** 

**Agenda Items**

* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Dan Burnett, Samrat Kishor, James Canterbury, Claudia Rauch, Sonal Patel, Andreas Freund, Tas Dienes
    * Current scribe: Dan Burnett
* Agenda review (2 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen once a month, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet May 3rd
        * Meet June 7th - calendar update required
            * Note that every individual needs to remove the old recurring invite themselves; Claudia will notify everyone of the changes
        * Meet July 12th 
* Past action items (10 min)
    * ACTION: In the context of the L2 group,
        *  Dan to ask Chaals for suggestions on:
            * Question from Andreas regarding what the meaning is of the requirement for testability for draft specification
            * Internationalization and localization: it would be helpful to have examples for consideration beyond the examples given. And ask for more guidance.
        * Update: Andreas said that he updated the L2 WG’s Canonical Token List draft release, added a testability statement to each requirement. Approaching a general agreement with Chaals from which a general description of testability can be derived. Next steps: Chaals is distilling the meaning of ‘testability’.
        * Note: Compromise worked out for specific cases of L2 WG. However, formal definition is still outstanding especially when referencing another specification and how that specification’s testability requirements or lack there of impact the testability of a project specification.
        * ACTION: Chairs to write a more formal definition 
            * Tas to schedule a working call with Dan, Tas, Andreas, and Chaals (Doodle poll from Tas)
    * ACTION: Chet and Andreas to discuss the following async. Andreas to email Chet again.
        * Andreas: Clarification on a MUST requirement for Project Specification \
&lt;[https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/SPECIFICATION-DOCUMENT-REQUIREMENTS.md#project-specification](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/SPECIFICATION-DOCUMENT-REQUIREMENTS.md#project-specification)>:
        * The requirement "Headings MUST have URLs that won't change, including fragment identifiers." implies that numbered headings are not allowed because adding/updating/removing headings will change the URL. However, the OASIS project specification template explicitly contains headings with numbers which can easily change even if the heading name remains the same. \
Is this requirement to be understood in conjunction with "Any requirement obsoleted since a previous version of the Project Specification MUST have a URL that resolves to somewhere explicitly stating the requirement is gone" expanded to Headings? This would allow a URL to be included in the obsolete or changed section heading pointing to the new section. Albeit such an approach could create a lot of redirecting sections over time.
        * Update: in Chet’s hands  \
[https://issues.oasis-open.org/browse/TCADMIN-4316](https://issues.oasis-open.org/browse/TCADMIN-4316)  
            * Adds a unique identifier under the heading that will remain the same even if the header or the numbering changes
            * Work still to be done, but we can close this action item.
* Main topics (20 min) 
    * Andreas Freund: Dear PGB members, this is the formal request by the L2 WG to move the[ L2 Aliasing of EVM-based Addresses specification](https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/blob/main/workitems/EVM-based-L2-address-aliasing/evm-based-l2-address-aliasing-v1.0-psd01.md) currently in Release status to Project Specification Draft status at the next PGB meeting on April 12th.
        * Lazy consensus/simple majority vote.  \
Process reference 
        * Resolution: no objection to moving to Project Specification Draft status!  Congrats!
    * Sonal request: reviewing / voting on the Baseline TSC attendance policy PR  [https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/pull/610](https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/pull/610)
        * Sonal changed “removed for upon” -> “removed for”, then we voted.
        * Resolution: PR accepted!
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Should we close this project?  Could it ever revive?
        * The issue was that there were no volunteers to write documentation about agreements the group came to.
        * ACTION: Roch to check into this for the May meeting
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group
        * Completed the definitions for layer 2 transaction fees.  Spec review has started.  L2Beat is now a collaborator and has offered to review the glossary as well as PRs.
        * Question about which L2s might not meet the spec yet.  Perhaps the refund for overpayment in the prepaid fee, because various parties are involved in determining the right amount.
        * Are these items mandatory?  There are 20-30 requirements, a few of which are optional.  That is still open for discussion.
    * Baseline
        * Finalizing some RFPs that align with 2023 roadmap.  Expecting donors to support these at a fine level of granularity.
        * Last year added a clause that out of non-sponsor donations 25% would go to OASIS/EEA for support.  This may be detrimental to getting funding, especially since 8% also goes to opencollective.
        * We had discussion about the need for OASIS/EEA staff support, which was the factor that needed to be addressed in order to allow non-sponsor support in the first place.
        * This needs to be discussed between chairs, Sonal, and Carol.
        * One suggestion is to cap the fee at a certain dollar amount
        * Another was to allow a % of sponsorship amount to go towards an open project grant fund
        * ACTION: Claudia to arrange meeting among Carol, Sonal, and and the Chairs
* Updates on potential projects (5 min)
    * TokenScript
        * New sponsor Unipass has joined ECP
        * They will proceed with creating docs for PGB approval of new TSC, expected to happen before the May meeting.
    * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
    * James - pharmaceutical traceability ledger, PharmaLedger Alliance
    * James - Token Ownership Derived Authorization (TODA) 
* Other business if we have time left over

