## Date: 17 April 2024 --DRAFT

**Present:**  Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Sonal Patel (Baseline TSC), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair),

**Regrets:** Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS)

**Agenda Items**
* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Sonal Patel, Tas Dienes, Roch Brzezinski, Claudia Rauch, Andreas Freund,
    * Current scribe: Tas Dienes
* Agenda review (2 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen on an ad hoc basis, typically bimonthly, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet June 26
        * Meet August 7
* Main topics (20 min) 
    * Andreas Freund has requested to approve the L2 Transaction Fee spec, currently a “Release” as a “Project Specification Draft” (Specification Process Slide 4-5, Step 2A). [https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/L2/blob/main/workitems/l2-transaction-fees/l2-transaction-fees-v1.0-psd01.md](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/L2/blob/main/workitems/l2-transaction-fees/l2-transaction-fees-v1.0-psd01.md) 
        * There were no objections to unanimous approval; the spec was promoted to PSD.
    * Andreas Freund has requested to promote the Baseline Protocol standard to “Project Specification Draft”t: [https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline-standard](https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline-standard)<span style="text-decoration:underline;">.</span> We are simply waiting for BRI-3 to be completed to promote the Baseline Protocol to a Full project spec.”  Branch with the frozen draft: [https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline-standard/tree/baseline-protocol-specification-final-draft-03-31-2024](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline-standard/tree/baseline-protocol-specification-final-draft-03-31-2024) 
        * Project Specification process for reference: [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1p9JDX6dZRIpS4nYqY0XcuySxPzvawuzGnBZnMoZkS_M/edit#slide=id.g19695341859_0_17](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1p9JDX6dZRIpS4nYqY0XcuySxPzvawuzGnBZnMoZkS_M/edit#slide=id.g19695341859_0_17)
        * Note on future steps from Claudia: when we get to the Project Specification stage, we need a package of the material that we can point to in the OASIS library and a title and version number for the specification package. Please provide the file(s) in a .zip file when you’re getting everything ready for the promotion to a Project Specification. OASIS has to ensure that the material that the PGB voted on cannot be altered.
        * Proposed vote:  Approve the Baseline Protocol as a Project Specification Draft (slide 4-5, step 2A).  The next step after that would be to move it to Project Specification (step 2B).
            * There were no objections to unanimous approval; the spec was promoted to PSD.
* Past action items (10 min)
    * OASIS/Claudia to create a plan to rename the project to Ethereum OASIS, and change back to [https://github.com/ethereum-oasis](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis) repo. Also remove EEA references from github docs.
        * Claudia has a list of assets to update. She was waiting on Jamie Clark’s email, received today. Next she will email everyone with the plan and then start updating assets.
        * This has been done. New repo is [https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op) 
    * PGB elections - OASIS to advise on requirements 
        * Andreas is willing to be a co-chair
        * Plan to hold election in June
        * Tas and Andreas will be the candidates for co-chair 
        * 2024-04-17 ACTION: Claudia to review governance doc and then initiate e-ballot vote around June 1.
    * Baseline WG would like a donation button added to the web page. This raises complicated issues.  Discuss at a future meeting.  See [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#non-sponsor-tsc-funding](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#non-sponsor-tsc-funding) 
        * Past Action item: Claudia to check with Carol about adding a button to accept donations via OpenCollective 
        * 2024-04-17 ACTION: Claudia will add the button tomorrow.
    * Sponsor recruitment 
        * Andreas asked for a list of companies being approached by OASIS for PGB sponsorship 
        * Andreas asked why previous sponsors did not renew. He said that the value proposition for sponsorship should be clarified. It may need to be tailored to the project/company. 
        * Claudia will try to get Carol to attend the next meeting
        * Tas asked WG chairs to make a list of potential sponsors who would be interested in their work
            * Arbitrum One 
            * Optimism
            * Linea
            * Metis
            * Matter Labs
        * 2024-04-17 No progress has been made. ACTION: Next steps are: Tas to email Francis Beland, cc Carol to ask why sponsors did not renew. Also, did they get value out of it, and why/why not?  Include lists of new potential sponsors from L2 and Baseline WG’s. 
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group
        * Continues to work on L2 Transaction Fee API Spec. 
        * Working on an article addressing the 3 transitions that Vitalik laid out; smart contract wallets and key mgmt across multiple chains, and how that can bring SSI ecosystem and Eth ecosystem closer. 
    * Baseline 
        * BRI-3 final milestone in progress, should be done in June. 
        * Then interop work will kick off, testing between different instances of the same implementation.
        * TSC is hiring someone to pursue grants and raise funding 
    * TokenScript 
        * The project has not met the heartbeat requirements for an active project. See [Governance](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/oasis-open-project/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#maintenance-requirements)
        * There was no objection to unanimous approval of a motion to declare this project inactive. The project is now inactive. 
        * Note for future: the project can be closed by a simple majority vote after 2024-10-17.
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Past Action item: remove project.  “A TSC which has been inactive for at least 6 consecutive months may be closed with a Simple Majority Vote.”  - vote at next meeting (April 2024)
        * There was no objection to unanimous approval of a motion to close this project. The project is now closed. 
        * Action item: Claudia to archive the repository and lock the mailing list
* Updates on potential projects (5 min) 
* Other business if we have time left over
