## Date: 7 February 2024 

**Present:**  Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), Sonal Patel (Baseline TSC),

**Regrets:**, James Canterbury (EY), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), 

**Guests:** Jamie Clark (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS),

**Agenda Items**
* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Andreas Freund, Sonal Patel, Tas Dienes, Roch Brzezinski, James Canterbury, Claudia Rauch
    * Current scribe: Andreas & Tas
* Agenda review (2 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen once a month, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet March 13 
* Past action items (10 min)
* Main topics (20 min) 
    * Approve [L2 Transaction Fee Specification draft ](https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/blob/main/workitems/l2-transaction-fees/l2-transaction-fees-v1.0-psd01.md)as a Draft Release 
        * See Step 1B: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1p9JDX6dZRIpS4nYqY0XcuySxPzvawuzGnBZnMoZkS_M/edit#slide=id.g19695341859_0_0 
    * Discuss the status and future of the EEA Community Projects
        * EEA Community Projects can revert to a regular OASIS project
        * Must change name to remove EEA
            * Approved Project Specification standards need to change logo.  There are no approved PS standards.
            * Releases are OK as is, but should remove EEA logo.
            * Rename github repo - can take some time to change.  Link old one to new one.  OASIS will propose a plan.
        * Proposed and agreed to rename project to Ethereum OASIS, and back to [https://github.com/ethereum-oasis](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis) repo.  
            * ACTION: Claudia will create a plan
        * PGB will need at least 2 sponsors to continue.  It currently has 4: Nethermind, EEA until May, EF, Unipass
            * Tas to discuss EF sponsorship with EF
        * If PGB stops, Working Groups can continue using their Github repos and working without OASIS support indefinitely
        * EEA has a membership through the end of May; thus a PGB seat if they desire
    * PGB elections
        * OASIS to advise on requirements 
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * No update
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group
        * [L2 Transaction Fee Specification draft ](https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/blob/main/workitems/l2-transaction-fees/l2-transaction-fees-v1.0-psd01.md)as a Draft Release ready for PGB approval 
        * There is a new RollCall group also working on L2 standards. Discussing Tx fees with them
        * FTC rule about junk & hidden fees may affect L2 wallet UI.  Tx fee oracle API spec to be developed. Will try to collaborate with RollCall group.
    * Baseline 
        * BRI-3 reference implementation work wrapping up 
        * 2024 road show to be developed around BRI-3
        * Applying for grants and seeking donations. 
        * Would like a donation button added to the web page. This raises complicated issues.  Discuss at a future meeting.  See [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#non-sponsor-tsc-funding](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#non-sponsor-tsc-funding) 
        * WG wants to ensure remaining funds in OpenCollective can be used
    * TokenScript 
        * No update, no emails from Bob 
* Updates on potential projects (5 min) 
* Other business if we have time left over
