## Date: 19 February 2025  --DRAFT

**Present:**  Claudia Rauch (OASIS),  Tas Dienes (EF, Co-chair),  Andreas Freund (PGB Co-chair, L2 TSC Chair), Sonal Patel (Baseline TSC), 

**Regrets:** 

**Guests:** 

**Agenda Items**


* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current scribe: Tas Dienes
* Agenda review (2 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen on an ad hoc basis, typically bimonthly, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet April 16, 2025
* Main topics (20 min) 
    * EF’s PGB sponsorship expires May 28. EF is likely to not renew. 
        * TODO: Claudia will check on the process to tie things up. 
* Past action items (10 min)
    * Request from Andreas: Move Baseline Protocol Standard from “Project Specification Draft” to full “Project Specification”
        * 2024-08-21 The PGB cannot hold a vote to move this to Project Specification status currently, as OASIS rules require at least 2 PGB sponsors to vote.  We can move it one step forward by having OASIS publish it as PSD on their web site, as a PDF. 
            * TODO: Claudia will email us a link to open a ticket for Kelly to publish the PSD.  Andreas will open the ticket.
        * 2024-10-09 Claudia has not emailed us the link. Tas to bug her.
        * 2024-11-01 Ticket was opened (for Baseline)
        * 2024-12-11 Claudia says that the Baseline ticket is in the pipeline, as well as L2 Tx fee spec.  Andreas will also open a ticket to publish the L2 token list spec, and L2 EVM address aliasing Project Specification Drafts
        * 2025-02-19 Done! Claudia says that the Baseline PSD is published and can be found in the OASIS library here: [https://docs.oasis-open.org/ethereum/baseline/](https://docs.oasis-open.org/ethereum/baseline/) 
    * Sponsor recruitment 
        * 2024-06-25 Tas, Andreas, Sonal met with Holly and Antonella last week.  Action items taken for Sonal and Andreas to work on a few items including a value prop deck and blog article. Note that sponsorship money would be primarily utilized for grants to develop reference implementations of standards/example cases.
        * 2024-08-21 Blog article was posted by the Baseline TSC.  Value prop deck is in progress.  Started a list of potential sponsor companies.  Next steps per Sonal: finish value prop deck, refine list of companies, then Holly to reach out to them. Sonal to share list with Jamie.  Jamie will reach out to past sponsors as well.
        * 2024-10-09 Sonal says a little behind, working on pitch deck which can be used for the value prop deck. Also still working on sponsor list. She will get back to Holly when these are ready. Holly will schedule an open session with the potential sponsors. Jamie will meet with Tas next week to go over past sponsors and discuss approaches to re-engage. Andreas wants at least one more sponsor on board before talking to L2s.
            * Baseline potential sponsor list [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-ha24UJWZM2XOgnQN8_LjNDkDAkUTa1IzIcBFLoJOMM/edit?gid=0#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-ha24UJWZM2XOgnQN8_LjNDkDAkUTa1IzIcBFLoJOMM/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
        * 2024-12-11 Sonal says no progress on the above items. Now that they have the $100k grant, developers are working on it and there is a more solid value prop. Sonal to work on the sponsor list and deck, to be ready by January 20, and provide that info to Holly. Holly will be the person contacting sponsors. 
        * 2025-02-19 Sonal says no progress on the above. Unclear if this is worth continuing.  AF and SP decided not to proceed with this.
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group 
        * The WG is paused as of February 2025, since the RollCall group now exists and is taking up most of the available participants attention related to L2 interoperability standards.
        * Andreas will continue attempting to push existing PRs forward. 
    * Baseline 
        * TrustChain grant work is progressing, managed by grant team. Active TSC members are grant recipients. 
        * Deliverable 1 is done.  Deliverable 2 due March 10. Final deliverable 5 is in November.
        * Interop work is designed around a use case of smaller companies in eastern europe aggregating collateral and getting funding from larger european funds (receivables factoring aggregation).
        * Talking about engaging a new community based on value prop.
* Updates on potential projects (5 min) 
* Other business if we have time left over
